skipped traffic in LA there's no way
he's not doing that again you're like
yeah dude ten minutes LAX to Burbank
what are you doing helicopter rented a
helicopter last night ten minutes how
much is it cost a thousand dollars it
cost you more than that thousand dollars
to go where we going thousand dollars
LAX so to skip coming up checkout blade
wait why do you why do you want to go
home for less than 24 hours this trip
yeah and I was panicking and then I was
like what does it cost to get a
helicopter my assistant Andrew my cousin
Andrew was like he's like let's check
and he's like it's urgent
it's nothing expensive he's a good
$2,000 I was like I before you let's
shoot some videos we'll get in a
helicopter
Wow and so we just shot a video to
promote dates what does it cost us to
fly straight to Burbank
I can't fight front from LAX to Burbank
no I mean from wherever you work yeah
but you got to connect explain me well
just to put it on just promote dates
no but it's a skip it's to see you skip
the 405 yeah no where are you going
though we were going from we landed at
LAX last night and at five o'clock and I
was like we're gonna be an hour traffic
for two hours right and I was like I'm
gonna get home and I won't see the girls
the lure to be asleep and so I was like
fuck it let's get a helicopter and then
they grab you out from the door or the
plane they drive you on across the
tarmac over the helicopter and you're
home in 10 fucking minutes it was nice
and it was a sunset it was beautiful big
thing New York - there's actually like
three or Long Island know you can even
fly Airport you go to JFK Newark know
just like so you can go from midtown you
can go from downtown to these blade
stations and fly to JFK I mean seems
cool yeah marketing like a lifestyle in
New York it's way way less expensive
because those are pools so it's like
it's on it's on a road they just go so
you just buying a seat you know you're
not you're not doing it for yourself no
but I was I did it to go to a gig in New
York so I did I was in New York and it
was to go to Jersey so I skipped all the
rush-hour traffic that's where it's
really fucking wasn't any fun when they
said you can go to if you're going out
of JFK you can do it that way - our
earth is dying yeah
other private an article about that
today do you know like people keep
saying you know we need to stop eating
meat to save the environment
yeah do you know that greenhouse gases
only nine percent of all greenhouse
gases nine percent or because of
agriculture less than half of that is
because of we of meat
what is it fun less than half of that is
because of beef so you're you're
literally dealing with like three
percent
what's all the greenhouse gas emissions
from them pollution copyright you go to
Vietnam and they're burning their trash
in their front yard oh my god is it
there everything is this country every a
it is a piss on a fire compared to what
is happening in the rest of the world
well just the thing is you can't save
the world by not eating meat just to let
everybody know right the meat thing is
coming from the guy who just shot a
one-ton elk
well that animal is a wild animal yeah
nothing to do with animal agriculture
yeah it's probably about eight hundred
pounds coming at us no he was 100 that's
so cool you carry that out yeah well we
got lucky that we get a ranger to it so
we had a quarter it up and then we put
it in the back one of those
four-wheel-drive things and they dragged
it got it out this is recently where was
this one Utah the mountains a lot right
it's from York yeah guys want some meat
I definitely want some no no I'll give
you some elk sausage before you leave
here I'm in a bun chair just like a
hundred pounds nothing crazy 400 pounds
of meat off you much meat were you
bringing home like fuck there's no room
in the fridge nobody else I have three
commercial freezers here and I have two
at home yeah you really do I get that
you really do eat it though because
you're always hate the fucker yeah doing
good it makes you healthy it looks so
good you see I put an Instagram picture
of my plate I made it like Joe's makes
his plates and you know I guess nice
steak kimchi some jalapenos
avocado I posted it and fucking
everyone's like Rogan Rogan Rogan it's
like you're known for what your plate
looks like do you eat healthy I am
sometimes no I lost I'm down 21 pounds
really
shit I went to the cardiologist and he
was like this is dumb really yeah he's
like hey man you gettin a fatty liver I
heard you talking with the black stripes
yes about that white stripes so white no
not the white stripe black always with
the black and the white it's the worst
you're the funny can we do he said it's
at the beginning he's a because he'd
been testing my livers having them since
your that's no joke you lost how much
that's crazy in the in the last how long
in one month are you down below I didn't
drink what's a big thing around I got a
hot spin every day and I was home and
thought was the toy hospitals like hot
yoga but you spinning yeah
let the heat on it's like awesome
degrees it's awesome wow dude yeah I
took Brenda shawl to swirl the hot
Spanish sweatshop in solutely sweat shop
with two bees in early yeah
appropriating slave labor for some rich
fucking suburban people to wait cuz
sweatshops a real thing as far as
history and you wouldn't understand it
should be quiet how the black people
talk here calamari
keep it going to that and wait what did
the doctor say you will you say what he
said yeah yeah no so you got a fatty lip
and then once he goes he did a sonogram
of my but my organs every time he does
like a sonogram Abul
yeah he said your he goes your livers
looking fatty I said I like I might as
up from drinking he goes no it's cuz
you're 258 pounds and he's like it's the
most common thing I see when I go and
work as a doctor for like clinics as
like just donate his time here's
everyone's got a fatty letter it's just
the and that is the cause of the
beginning of your decline for your
health knowing well I just it freaked me
out and I was like alright no booze no
Sh no sweets no sugars no pastas no
breads and I was like I'm losing I'm
gonna fuckin lose weight was there a
month no I had like a couple drinks
[Applause]
we're gonna set this up like like when
the Navy SEALs get to ring the bell to
quit we're gonna set this place up with
ice and vodka just leave it all easy tap
out first quitting that we're thinking
that we kind of cheated by smoking
cigars well it's already done cheating
it's Artie's alcoholic kombucha fight
tonight so no sugar no pasta no booze
our very little very little boo that's
great what's very low
Friday Saturday like I could drink on
Friday or Saturday but how much much
because all of this I get super I get
like the first team Friday Saturday in
great poster you were getting an IV
because that by the way wait'll I tell
you what happened that backfired on me
big fucking time why why do you need it
though let's start with let's start with
all with Ari slipping me Molly let's
start there
you slipped it on yeah dude what are you
doing what are you doing Joe how did you
do it
where was this it was shot before we
started I had to empty out a capsule if
I could put it into a shot you out of
your mind
yeah yeah yeah it was great no was it
was great it was not they're making me
go on this fucking stupid shit yeah what
kind of sociopath are we friends with he
did it to punish me hmm because I have
to be sober you don't give up Molly
you're only giving up alcohol do Molly
cuz I can scouring the doctor and he
said hey it's time to get healthy so
yeah I agree
you don't think it's fucking crazy that
you would do that a bit like at your
fucking college roommate do is you'll
even get the Molly tested like where are
you buying this Molly
done it for my favorite Molly dealer
I tear a ring yeah yeah high pressure
hot curlers seed out three guys y'all I
want to kill you yeah yeah clucking
wanna kill he wanted to for about ten
minutes and so I kicked it and then he
was fine fun was it Molly are you it's
fucking I was only I was ready to fly
that night I was on fucking plane going
like when's this gonna fucking stop
because I didn't know that orange juice
kicks it back up so I'm drinking all
rights just kicks it by vitamin C now
just generally on the fucking plane I'm
drinking trying to get hydrated because
I'm on fucking Molly and so I'm drinking
Tito's nor drinking Tito's well you're
on Molly Hey Joe Joe Molly but you
already knew you were on it yeah and I
was having severe panic attacks cuz I'm
like I don't do Molly and I'm thinking
that kid died from Molly in Mexico that
comedy writer oh yeah I don't think it
was that he died from Molly and I'm
sitting there going the story 46 I got
high blood pressure high cholesterol I'm
on pain I'm on meds it was great he's
noticed how great his wife looked and he
was like she's awesome I've got a great
wife yeah I was definitely window you do
you do this a lot do you not like drinks
I won't ever done it before
really yeah the first time and what made
you fuckin money well cuz I don't really
want to do to sobriety things you mean
forced him to do it sure yes he's doing
it for me yeah fun hard party drug Tom
would you only have to burn he said he'd
do it to you if this podcast was
yesterday then yeah you would've all
been dosed seriously yeah I said to him
I'll be nice to this to Joe and he goes
100 percent I would yeah it was like it
wouldn't it broke up sobriety that we
just offer it to us yeah well yeah why
this he wouldn't take it no way he'd
take it you I could offer it to you're a
fucking grown up mister child you're not
a grown-up how mad man would you be if
you guys fight I'd be very mad something
to do the problem is if you have
something to do that's good that's out
the way you were good thank you
we were playing drunk at the podcast
having a couple drinks with you and then
having getting you out of my house
having dinner with my children relaxing
getting on a plane and going on tour
instead
that's crap you had so much fun hmm I
don't believe your fake anger fake anger
in this I was here's what I did it was I
wasn't you sad with this auric thank you
I appreciate it
I appreciate it and if story thank you
how much she likes being on my side look
I would like to be on your side too but
I would be enraged at all he said he
said I'm gonna call Tom he's gonna be
really mad at you I'm like there's no
Tom's gonna die laughing instantly
amigos no he's gonna be mad at you how
many times you done Molly me yeah I
don't think I've ever know none zero
zero yeah you know when I was kid yeah
did ecstasy yeah I guess okay so I've
never done Molly yeah I've never done
Molly's just pure ecstasy yeah I've
never done Molly's way better it's
better for you have you yeah once like
lik like you put the powder in your lip
or we took pills yeah yeah the problem
was the next day to uh thank you I was
so dumb the next day I remember being in
a coffee shop trying to read a magazine
like I couldn't read I couldn't I
couldn't take in a paragraph I would try
to read a paragraph then it start over
again and I would try to read it again
you're out of your mind great and that
bomb that night went on seized that
night no or I had to go on tour to what
2,800 people that night on the next Idol
Molly I was like coming off of drugs and
I was like I was like mother like our
shaky I couldn't think straight and I
was like fucking you can't think
straight
yeah once you do get off that stuff the
thing is like you're dumb like you're
you're you're you're all your brain
juice is all fucking squeeze it out you
don't think I mean like you definitely
will see that spiking a girl's drink is
not okay right if it's for sex okay but
just for goofs for goofs now if your
friends what in the right circumstances
doctor hugs blow over here you're a
little fun you're only pulling sex into
it if it's just for fun good times what
is the right circumstances where you'd
be able to drugs if a bunch of people
are out and then everyone's good
you acid and then some parties Oh
somebody's always like kind of like
expressed interest in acid mm-hmm and
then you don't know if they're gonna do
it or not so you just like I'm I know
you you would like this you took some I
think you know it's not okay
I know you regretted it after you did it
the next day I think you felt bad about
it I felt no I noticed how you text and
Tom did too
you were like hey man had a great time
the other day yeah I told you what to
take 5htp yeah it's great Eliezer no
nothing helps wait visited all this lead
to the ivy is this with that let's see I
because I was like I was just I was
shaking and I was like man I'm feel
right and they're like you're on Molly
last night you didn't sleep on the plane
I flew all through the night didn't
sleep I was just fucking like did you
fuck up your shows I don't know I don't
know no I don't think so i mean III you
pull people think I think people think
I'm hammered on stage anyway hmm and so
but what happened was I couldn't the
whole weekend I kept trying to just
right the boat by going like and you
can't do that without call you just got
to do that by like getting off and but
it's my last weekend I'm sober October
and it's just that's why I'm like right
now I'm just like wolf fuck damn Ari I'm
sorry I'm not sorry yeah are you serious
what a great day at a time
then I'd be more sorry whose podcast was
it yours mine came out great
come on Molly yeah I tell you the
fucking I'll tell you I will never let
this man Joey Diaz I called I called you
coming thank you then I called I'm
panicking I'm gonna panic
you called me yeah I didn't get it I was
on stage right and then I caught after
Tom called me back and then Joey Diaz I
said already just slipped me Molly and
all he said this I'll be there in 10
little over 10 minutes came to the house
sat with me he's like he told the story
is gonna be fine was told stories the
Sun was going over his shoulder and it
was just setting was so beautiful he's
like a fucking it was like he was like a
god he does shouldn't do that Ari
yeah okay yeah but to talk about the
good parts though no I so it was
beautiful
you're like you're like a guy that raped
her like going yeah but you like dick
right
it was in you you like Dixon you was
with with us Sun setting behind Joey
Diaz as he tells you stories of starting
comedy what's it mean you know what he's
doing he's like see it was a good night
it was so great it was so fun I'm I
can't I can't sign this because I don't
want kids hearing that's going oh I did
it savage or II should fear no no my
friend is drunk don't do it point
I can't cosign and I can't even release
the fucking podcast because I don't want
I don't want anyone going like I am in a
good mood
I'm not Molly yeah I'm high shit you
don't want anyone getting active rep
anticipation of what Molly does to you I
don't want kids it's different if you
don't get myself over a train I hope I
guess is about you drugging me it's not
about me taking mom I think you've
expressed that you were against it on
the podcast the views of this podcaster
do not represent do you know how hard it
is to be your friend idea it was so
great to see you all smiles never you
never dosed anybody before be about one
moment dose Bert yeah I realized how
great okay I had to take that lay if you
went to Tom's house do a podcast you
have the Molly on you think you would
have dosed him okay he was different
his Hamelin hasn't really I feel like
he's not the reason I have to do this
month of sobriety where I do blame you a
lot more mm-hmm then let's not do it I'm
down I don't want to be get bottle would
be scared to be around us you again
that's a one-time on just get the ice
that's a one-time only thing you got to
not do that again dude no that's how
their concern released in the podcast
cuz I'm wondering if there's like
someone's gonna go that's it's illegal
let's fucking call the police well this
podcast wouldn't exist with us really
guests the entire time we were doing it
we're smoking weed from the beginning of
the podcast ten years ago
yeah it was like weeds only been legal
since two years ago Tom you laughed like
crazy when you heard about it well I'm
on the phone in a green room he's like
so I didn't know like really what was
going I didn't know he was even serious
I know I'm on the phone he's got a hydro
flask with his name on it what I look
like a little kid little kid always
knowing my drink trying to tell me
something so easy so
like a little kid notebook yeah yeah you
said we went I went to the sock I
couldn't be around my kids I just say
goodbye to my kids at night high as fuck
I go to my daughter's room she's got
these lasers that makes stars on her
ceiling and you dad I'm blowin up I'm
just like okay it's like turn it up I go
turn this up daughter she gave me a hug
I was like fucking beaming I was like I
smelled her hair and I was like god I
fucking love you that sounds awesome
and I'm like and in my head I'm like I
Joey said something to me they goes you
would have already had your stroke would
have already happened like Joey's a
doctor right so you give to Island
Georgia hugs and kisses goodbye give Lee
an longest kiss goodbye and by the way
my flights not leaving till midnight and
it's like seven o'clock I can't be in
there I can't be around them it's my
time like talking fucking quick I have
big ideas and so then I go to the store
wait how good was the shower shower was
pretty amazing yeah sure was pretty
captain nine Molly's not fucking amazing
it's not worth it my thumbnails not
worth it at all and but then we went to
the store well you did and I just had
now I just had to sell I needed to be
somewhere and I did couldn't just what
if they wait at the airport yeah so the
only place a 5:30
yeah sore so I sat at the store for like
an hour drinking Comedy Store yeah how
many stores so you went on Molly to the
comedy store yeah I just went there to
hang out in the back room he came in all
angry like oh you and then David Spade
was there and he loves celebrities like
what happens like all right it's fun
story let me tell you I did was killing
in the greenroom
you're at catalyze killing and it
destroyed on stage so you were high on
Molly on stage no no I know that told
her about getting Oh what do I got to do
with it yeah lay in my tour bus Donna
thermos that's good you should do that
if you get raped
what if that's what's that's the new
machine its I won't I won't be hey man
why so negative because I
it's amazing I go maybe that's your new
thing instead of like taking shirt off
people just spiked your drink oh my god
now you cannot you can't accept drink
from any what's a one-time-only thing
fucking fans it's over that's my dance
you have to apologize that is a one-time
thing either said I'm sorry I'm gonna
had a great time with you but I'm sorry
had to come to me doing it behind your
back cut that fucking thing off your
wrist
but but I'm glad we did it was so much
fun at some point he just goes he was
like starting to get angry there goes oh
you're high so great let me see how
highs everybody was on just a smidge
yeah just a smidge of moly all the time
probably a lot more empathetic world
even give him full dose the best is he
goes ice we were in the store and I'm
talking to Tony inch glove and I go he
wouldn't ever have done it to anyone
else he only would have done it to me
and he goes that's not true that's not
true I said would you do this Rogen he
goes a hundred percent it was all yes no
no you and Joe at his house
you wouldn't spiked his drink and then
go hey man if he forced me into a thing
where I had to give up things I loved
for a month but yeah he would have got
it
so he is it has been mad at you and I
I'm probably the only one here besides
him that listens to his podcast Ari gets
fucking furious at you Burt for this so
mad so mad he got so mad he's a Julie
thing he drink just as much after
October as before I never curbed
anything what are we still doing this
for he's got a point
that their whole reason why we did in
the first place was to try to sober you
up we didn't we didn't think be able to
do it he had no problem at all so are we
announcing that on the first of October
we're done with this shit listen no one
has a problem here except Bert I like a
glass of wine with with dinner
maybe two isn't like that shot I like a
shot of whiskey before I go on stage
that's nice too maybe occasionally I
like a beer while I'm on stage watching
the game guys I'm not a drinker in the
sense of I don't get drunk yeah yeah if
I get drunk once a month it's a crazy
month like drunk and it's usually
somewhere whether I'm like with you guys
or something and we're just maybe a
podcast we're just we just start doing
drinks yeah you just get like I've
always wondered that you just get like a
buzz a buzz yeah you're fine and I stop
yeah tonight I work out too much I'm too
healthy um I you know I'm getting up in
the morning most mornings I'm either
doing yoga or I'm running or I'm lifting
weights and doing cardio I just I can't
take the beating beat in the end at 52
it's not fun you know the beating on
your body of alcohol yeah you have the
beating of the you know as you get older
it's harder to recover from things hard
to recover from workouts harder to get
back into shape but if you stay in shape
so that's the whole thing is like
staying in shape if you stay in shape
and take care of your body you can get
you can get a lot more life out of your
body than most people think
right it's inevitable that your body's
gonna fall apart and whether my body
falls apart at 60 or 70 whatever the
fuck of the year is gonna be it's going
to happen
but right now works great so my thought
is right now I'm not gonna fuck it up I
do a little bit of booze I like a little
bit but I can recover from a little bit
no problem sure and there's a lot of
studies that show that like a little bit
of wine in particular glass of one or
two is actually there's some benefits to
it there's actually some health benefits
but didn't but also us pushing this
month be you know has become more about
the like the camaraderie and the
challenge aspect and not really about
needing sobriety right what he needs it
though stop no problem at all quitting
I've no problem you're correct and then
he does because he's spiking people's
drink to get back at him because they
won't let him drink well he's just angry
at you because he likes to drink in
October and he actually doesn't have a
problem and I like to do drugs yeah I
don't leave a do drugs for you
this is nice right here in this box
I got mushrooms I got acid we can get
partying we can get partying you guys we
can get crazy how about we disturb
October except for acid so you can
nibble on acid the whole month for
mushrooms we can micro dosed I would not
for me I would just be like hey can we
just do edibles all month but you stay
away from everything else
one drug on like my you know yeah what I
like I like a couple of pumps of the old
THC spray that's good just two pumps
yeah everything's the sky's brighter I
love a post post show like low Milich
dosage I love that and then walk around
afterwards I'm like a mild buzz yes like
to get high before you go onstage I hate
it make you too many that was the worst
experience my life he was like you did
the only thing that I've learned from
actually from other comics doing and not
like all the time and saying like I
brought Jeff Tate with me and he gets
highest thought is that he after a while
that panic thing just dissipates and
then he's in the pocket right like in
the zone yes high up there I could see
that being fun too yeah but I don't know
I have I I prefer after show you know
it's dangerous for me the first weekend
after sober October because my brother
is clean yes you cram the fucking weed
hits you so hard so you're on stage
going okay what am I even talking about
yeah it's gonna it's gonna wreck you
again
November 1st yeah I'm gonna be in Europe
for that oh yeah we're gonna be mark
I'll be in London that day and the next
day I go to Dublin Dublin they're gonna
get you fucked up ya know you're here at
bombs we're doing it though right oh we
stay well I mean there's no bark on that
table right there that's whisky I'm not
gonna be one to bring the bell no he's
not gonna do it
listen not everybody could be a seal
yeah okay some people about lorry just
looks pretty well always wants to ring
the bell girls
so wait why do you want to continue this
what are you why do you keep like this
the same reason why he went back to his
phone he wants to see if he could handle
the cell phone you know your handle the
month right can handle the self sobriety
I can handle it but I won't enjoy it as
much going to Yankees games and party we
kept thinking like oh I won't drank by
mail just doing edible or something it's
not the worst and this hold your breath
tea almost blackout and then catch your
breath again they keep doing this
through the whole game or make it
interesting real interesting or just
green light people Molly and you and
then it's like you didn't do it that's
why I green light people giving you acid
correct you've you've absolutely not
that I'm a big drinker you have ruined
me accepting a drink from I would get
scared leaving my drink around yeah yeah
yeah a lot of girls men when they go to
bars they get scared taking a drink from
a man and they sure yeah they should how
many people do you know that have been
drugged and I know a couple yeah I know
a bunch of girls I know at least three
or four girls that have like said
something happened I gotta get out of
here and they tell their friends and
then creepy guys like like predators are
moving close like hey she's fine I knew
that whiskey tasted weird what'd you do
a shot was it in a shot a shot yeah are
you tasting yes I did taste it you know
it you know it's so funny I walked in
and re was he looked like dr. Jekyll
like he was doing something I know what
he doing he was like I'm making a shot
so I went okay just my back thing he was
like two shots of scotch I have the vibe
me to getting Molly on my phone put it
on Instagram I'm him Molly me I keep
like forgetting about it and then I keep
I know you're a fucking psycho and then
I can I try to put myself in like in the
mind frame of how upset I would be well
what would you have done if bird had a
stroke okay good question
you got to bury the footage you can't
have that footage our thing so yeah you
got to get in his phone you got to get
what Evers babe recorder how do you know
what his password is you got to figure
out it just stick it up to his face give
that face ID yeah half of its gonna be
limping
switching and you know wipe the foam
away wake it up yeah wait up I need I
need your help thank you okay delete
delete yeah I get everything out of
there now you feel terrible man I feel
terrible yeah for sure for sure I don't
know why we're talking about that though
because that never happened so we're
sticking the now which was you had a new
appreciation of your family friends
you do realize that last year was kind
of like the idea of being sober part of
it was for you last year two years ago
two years ago well two years ago was the
weight loss thing was like hurt can you
not drink yeah right but I was yeah that
was for you though by the way I didn't
think I didn't think I'd be able to do
it and I will say that at the time I was
drinking so fucking much and I didn't I
was unaware of how much I was drinking
that's it and when you guys said that in
here I went I kind of like woke me up
and I was like fuck I really I'm
drinking tito's by myself at night I
just like to go to bed and it was a
great way to cut my drinking cuz you
guys made it
camaraderie asked and so I didn't feel
like all eyes were on me and I did it
and it did change the way I drink it a
hundred percent changes where a drink
that lasts your strap that's gonna it
shows you how much you sleep it's really
sobering because you can't lie yeah like
you look at he go for hours and 30
minutes right like is it sent me the
sent me a notification like like you
should should try to get this like he
was late and I'm watching TV and it's
like go sleep you should go to bitch
where's mine I gotta put it on it's out
there go grab it it's by the pool table
yeah yeah yeah set it up what um but
yeah and then last year was last year
was more about the competition
yes sobriety was like a side thought
last year got crazy it's too insensitive
he decided to not do that this year
we gotta I can't yeah well it's just the
competition was too absorbing too much
time and it's just fuck it was hard it
was a lot it was really hard it was so
hard you need drive to make you work out
huh
well that's one
way of doing it but I don't think that
way hey hey be careful yeah don't just
stab you're no good up here by trying to
be angry on the Molly but also going
like fuck this is gonna be a great
podcast god damn it put it by your right
have you gone back and listened to it it
kind of made me ass upset really yeah
cuz I I see I can see me panicking mmm I
can see me going like all I said was
fuck are you why would you do that like
I'm on blood pressure medicine like we
know a guy who had a stroke because he
took viagra right and it counteracted
with this thing and now he can't use his
left arm right so I'm just sitting there
going one of my biggest fears when that
doctor told me I needed to lose weight
was what if I have a stroke and then I
just can't work out and be active like
what if it was that's taken away from me
I can't throw the ball with the girls I
can't go bike riding because the left
side of my body doesn't work yeah and
and I am despite what anyone thinks I am
active and I like working out I like
being outside I like running that's what
scared the shit out of me and that's why
I started losing weight I gotta be
honest with you thank God I lost that
weight B and when he did that because if
he had done that when I was 258 that
could have been you'd be done and I had
done the hot spin for a whole month and
and been really healthy for a whole
month I was like I literally in the
podcast I go okay my EKG was fine my I'm
on bum on blood took baby aspirin today
that's gonna help I was like okay and I
was going through the checklist to try
to calm myself down but thank God I lost
that wakes I don't know what would have
happened if I hadn't lost that weight
and he'd get Molly me yeah it's gonna
take you a second to figure out the
other side of it okay yeah yeah that's
not cool already don't do that again
yeah okay all right now we know never
know but he he was angry that you lost
all this weight for the weight loss
challenge and then you got really
healthy during sober October but then
you got bigger than ever
and that shit what smile I said pop it
up and I couldn't pop it over I had a
hard time popping it open to my bro I
broke it when I fell we'll do this after
the podcast story yeah there you go
there you go Wow Jesus Christ I'm sorry
sorry
if anybody identifies what that word say
I do closes like that
so put your wrist through it put it on
your left wrist or right wrist over the
top like a watch and then clamp it down
there you go now push that thing over
the top lock it in place
snap it snap it down there you had it
you had it the right way there it is
this is this is a riveting block so bad
we're fine fine
that's gonna show you a lot I I started
wearing mine quite a long time ago start
wearing mine a couple of months ago so
you got you guys haul one out of sub
rocktober sure would be lovely you want
out that's what you sound like
that your look I'm trying to get you
guys to quit sounds like you brought the
ring the bell I couldn't I got over four
years I was thinking about going sober
forever after October actually oh really
special definitely when you'd say
bloodshot November your shirt on forever
- how about that no yeah get jacked what
have you getting really good shame and
you owe me in the briar patch what if
you did like so but if you gotta take
your shirt off yeah but it won't look
good
I don't QB shit but if you if you take
your shirt off on stage and you have a
6-pack people gonna get angry with you
they're not gonna think it's funny okay
the reason why it's funny is because
you're overweight and you're a party guy
you take your shirt off everybody's
laughing no I don't think I think I take
my shirt off and I don't think people
look at my body throughout the rest of
my set I'm not making jokes like look at
look at these titties you know I'm just
up there doing stand-up what are they
looking at yeah yeah yeah they're
looking at me
yeah come on stairs are the things you
take your shirt off yeah I like taking
my shirt off I understand but if you but
if you got skinny
would you still take your shirt off
that's what I'm saying yeah I like to be
gentle six-pack no if you had a six-pack
you couldn't do it
dude I'll do whatever the fuck I want no
no I agree at you and he's taken out on
us give me that thing again you don't
know the fuck you doing
he's angry no way if you had a six-pack
you can't take your shirt off
well you're doing a great body yeah you
can but first no I know but is that one
really a thing we're talking about like
starts getting to 6-pack level yeah guys
it's not gonna happen why can you do it
are you gonna get a six-pack no why not
because I've never had a six-pack of my
entire life even when I was in high
school so that's not a concern of mine
of getting a six-pack now is your big
chance
yeah I gotta do that but I think if you
stick to the sobriety and working out
you're gonna be sitting up on your own
in no time you know so all right should
we wait what's the what are we gonna do
are you back last year for a little bit
we admit mid thrust I would get one mid
thrust yeah Onan okay it's on right now
that's how it's going
okay so put your wrist through that
there you go now push that outside over
the top and clamp it down so it doubles
up over here yep like that no choice BAM
now you got download the app bro okay
yeah yeah oh yeah you got a fucking
phone you can actually do it I got a
phone a real phone dude it's wonderful
having access to it over yeah yeah you
getting a fucking hernia yeah yeah I
mean those the t-nut bert still upset at
you look I'm upset it's red in the face
no he's lost the memory of how great a
time it was he's thinking about having a
six-pack more than I he can take your
shirt off not if you got right super
jacked and ripped and looked good on
stage well that's being like that would
but I'd recommend you wearing a clown
suit yeah if you're if you're super
ripped it's knowing what's yeah you
can't do that well you know does the
Jamar does that who Jamar neighbors oh
really
god he's jacked yeah I'm super Josh
super jacked Earl did Rose paddle
shirtless yeah yeah that was really
funny yeah yeah some suit and a gold
chain on
he was ripped tomorrow so Isan a stage
does he it was grow up with like chicken
or something species Nazis talker
Chappelle jacked and was wearing tank
tops and I think yes I looked I don't
think it stopped anything it's even
better no apps are different animal that
shirtless though yeah he got yoked like
the whole thing back in the day was if
you have muscles you can't be a comedian
right let's go go got muscles and
everyone's like always no longer funny
right and now you looking almost all the
comedians are like work out work out and
yeah when I was starting out I used to
wear big baggy shirts you still good
yeah but a really baggy ridiculously
baggy now I just wear things that are
loose yeah but you're trying to make it
not a distraction right yeah yeah I want
tight things onstage before it's very
distracting to me even yeah that's the
thing is if it's yeah it's my dad yeah
if it wasn't in my own head it wouldn't
matter I'm sure people don't care it's
like that's half of the thing is whether
or not you're comfortable onstage
totally if you're uncomfortable doesn't
matter what you look like
yeah good smile I think like ultimately
he's the most comfortable being like
he's himself shirtless shirtless yeah
you don't even think about it - yeah
after it's off no Comedy Store the last
time we did a show together
I couldn't get my phone not quick enough
yet shirt on before I even hit the mic
yeah that's how you're taking it off you
don't take it off in the or or is
different short sets you don't really do
sort sides it's like it's like 15
minutes of the main let me take it off
yeah I mean rooms different I feel like
the main room they've come and paid a
ticket to see the show the ORS like
people coming in out no one knows who
the fuck you are yeah the main room it's
like there's like coming from Canada
presentation vibe in the main yeah
presentation vibe you know I mean it's
like it's like it is like almost like a
theatrical feel it's also like seal
swimming with weights when I die my
Chiron I'm very uncomfortable and so I
can find out what I can find out what
material is working better easier okay
that makes sense remember the first time
you did it yeah it was in Columbus I
ripped it off I used to rip it off I
just get on stage rip it off and
everyone's here and I've just put it
back on and one time of clothes I ripped
it off and I I forgot about it we
started talking about something and then
I was like oh sure I put my shirt on and
this one goes keep it off I was like
I did my whole hour was probably like
nine years ago I did my whole hours
shortlist how long ago there's a point
nine years ago Wow
yeah it was before it was before he was
doing it all the time though and then
and then I started doing it and I
started doing it you know on the road
and it was just I don't know it just
made me really comfortable I sweat but I
have a shirt I'll sweat you can see
sweat pits in it it's annoying and I
don't and it doesn't happen when I take
my shirt off and I'll sweat at all I see
that with you a lot lot of times when
you're just like standing still yeah
yeah yeah from the from the exertion you
know yeah like just talking and stuff
yeah are you took your shirt off on
stage you liked it I do like it yeah I
like having it off when I'm walking
around like you're always like in the
Sun for sure it feels great and it hits
your skin all the time mmm people do a
benefit where every we'll race I never
will do shortlist and up this happen I
wear a suit and almost wait so what are
we settling on for this month
well we do heroin heroin that we're
doing heroin everybody first time I'm in
what are we doing well what we decided
over the phone is one one addition is we
have to read 500 pages and buy read 500
pages I think we need read we don't mean
audiobook redirect but I thought we're
just doing these classes no we're doing
the reading - that's great we should
yeah the reading - yeah you read more so
ten classes of something it can be hot
yoga it could be jujitsu it can be spin
hot spin some classes hip hop dance
dance by the way how great would have
hip dance been now that you saw the
video I knew what you were gonna do
you're gonna take your clothes off that
hip hop dance video was great dance the
dancing was okay it may be
it was good I was so angry I got so
upset why are you upset that people
complimented them America's Got Talent
reached out to meet Jesus Christ Oh bro
do you go do you consider yourself more
of a comedian or a dancer ha ha ha do
you not have a Google search engine on
your they don't want to bother with that
they're monsters Leatherby's on Facebook
when they emailed me on my website they
probably have a million hyenas out there
rummaging the nation trying to find
people with any kind of talent so they
can keep that monster alive yeah
wait the other thing is we didn't we
agree that within these classes they
don't necessarily have to be a physical
strain it's like a class of anything
that's in some class this new like
better yourself when I were talking
about taking a tactical gun lessons I'd
be great
so that but I'm saying that's a lot of
work out but it's still like a class and
class are we better off with it than
without sword fighting this year it's
more about bettering ourselves one
things that I think we agree to and and
your wife actually reached out to me
about there apparently her and Lyanna
gonna get together and do it go yeah a
pot they're doing a podcast so / x oh
yeah because last year was insane look I
gave your wife good ammunition in this
episode and the wives fuckin haters -
well she didn't like seeing that part of
me either
yeah soon liked it yeah why - she was
like your body looks better but fuckin
so boring yeah bullshit listen livid
when she found out that I got roof
roofied because of sober October yeah
she's was she was so she'll never speak
to Ari again justifiably what me yeah
yummy yeah Ari you're the one she'll
never speak to Ari again no our door
he's never allowed in our house it's so
bad I and that's what was soft designed
to take care of both of them yeah look I
had to take care of Ari and take care of
Liam why I think she's great
whoa which isn't like you bro I think
she's great
this has been a great moms were kids
with kids that's cool I'll look how you
look at wonderful you say right side
even though people hate you is awesome
always had your back
this is great and her temper anger at me
is not gonna make me stop liking her so
much
oh that's oh wait wait where I forget
yeah so within the ten classes yeah you
can't do more than how many of one class
three Rick yeah you can do one class
three types you could technically do if
you like those three - what why does
that matter
so you can mix it up a little bit do one
thing over and over again spin class
every day and be done with it
as long as you can do something I mean
but a little bit like if you're doing
jiu-jitsu like say if you decide to do
jiu-jitsu you learn it there's nothing
wrong with doing six of them like that's
how you get better or because if you do
decide to do it you get into it you're
gonna have to do more than one a week
too easy to do the same shit and not
challenge yourself hmm
says you yeah interesting are you just
making the rules up well it seems too
easy they're like not that does that
make sense to you this isn't with like
against or will kind of like he's
flipping a drug to us doesn't it I think
that if we I think there should be a one
other element to it is that you because
there's always always been like this
physical element to the whole month yeah
you should do something on your own that
you don't talk about til it's over that
you're doing to challenge yourself like
the crucible on it to like you tonight
and it's not yeah like you for instance
I'm gonna fall in like for instance you
uh like you like to run the hills right
yeah so let's say let's just say you go
I've run it once a week I run it every
Sunday or something right so for the
month you challenge yourself on your own
to do it twice a week and at the
November first you like I took these
classes I read these books and I ran my
hills twice a week or like you know you
go I wanted you know I'd do 100 pushups
a day what however you want to do it
that way there's a that way there's like
some other physical element of you know
wellness throughout the month okay so
I'm you challenge yourself - yeah I
don't like I think I can do this I think
we're doing something back with you
basically yeah
kinda like let where you give up
something they do decide that's right
so you have four things to do if you can
only do three no more than three of each
one so there has to be four individual
things you're doing that's right yeah
yeah anyone for thanks for them total
right yoga you could do spin you could
do jujitsu you could do kickboxing you
could do what else but yeah
CrossFit so you got to do four separate
things tactical we ten it's cool to do
that tactical gun training yet I haven't
gone there how many put bullets in it
why it's really don't say that now say
I'm a fucking awesome shot yeah yeah I
like this I like the idea of mixing it
up and I also like the idea we're not
gonna go crazy this is like something
see the thing about last year is like
you killed all of us open-ended yeah I
mean I have 1100 points one day when
you're doing 80% of your max heart rate
for a minute you get one point at eleven
hundred points that was a nuts day
finish at eleven thousand said John wick
fucking bathhouse scene I watched that
scene you have tee times in a row and I
just wanted to kill it really yeah
wouldn't stop no no I know but I felt
like I was yeah
mentally and physically breaking down
throughout the month yeah I was getting
really into it yeah that's the thing it
actually it feels enormous you would
feel drained but you would feel the
cloud in your mind clear right yeah yeah
we you know talked about the chatter
yeah internal chatter gone stresses
stresses like really yeah I didn't have
nothing really working out like three
hours back I remember saying to my wife
you could get this in a pill what this
is this feeling of not giving a fuck
like really not giving a fuck because
generally I don't give a fuck about
things but man when I'm doing cardio for
five hours a day yeah give a fuck
yeah I really don't give a bro you don't
get bothered by things by anything and
the the stresses of life just really
start to I didn't lose any weight though
yeah you don't have any weight to lose I
thought I was gonna get I am obese I
thought I was gonna get at least some
weight loss because of it I didn't lose
a fucking pass that's a lot but what's
with your body fat it's gonna be like
what 7% it's probably ten around ten
that's just cutting water to then I was
drinking all the water but
eating everything - but I think I might
have even gained a pound or two I
thought I was muscle not going to like I
was like watching what I ate as the weak
you know as the months started and then
when it when I saw how competitive it
was going and like how crazy were
started be like six and seven days of
working out yeah it was anything in
insight and and I would and I was never
full never know I was eating boxes of
cookies yeah yeah yeah in between
workouts yeah just kept eating
hey the giant box of vanilla wafers ate
the whole box just shoved him down my
fat hole yeah drank soda like regular so
yeah now I always drink tired my
November was back because I was eating
like that but still working out and then
I just kept it in like that and yeah
stopped working out that's what happened
to me yeah you got shredded for a while
dude yeah they told me as that bottom
yeah yeah I love that body for a little
bit you know you had a nice life be a
dick root they told me they're like
every time somebody blows out because we
get you remember they had the point
thing at my gym look every time everyone
like it's like the next month there's
such a dip and right they were like
they're like and then you broke that
record for like the highest total and
then the biggest dip ever how long did
you guys keep using the my zone thing I
just to see what it was yeah like to end
and fucking brought back like anxiety
yeah I used it for a while and then I
would not use the note take it again and
then recently I lost it and they were
like oh you know find it I don't want to
find it yeah like I don't want it and
then I did find it and I was like I'm
not a sound mind when I moved and I was
like don't touch it you touch it but
throw it away yes fuck it like the thing
they found the Exorcist when they
brought it but this is more of a rapport
though yeah this is giving you heart
rate variability Ellen it's also telling
you how much you've recovered which i
think is very important yeah it's
telling you like like if you do a hard
work out in the next day you feel like
shit it's letting you know hey your
body's not recovered like it's actually
giving you accurate data because it's
your honor you wear it all the time to
tell you the thing I don't know
understand the thing oh you go to the
website go to the website to explain
everything but it's pretty simple 5
hours and 42 minutes
Leaphart is big the only five out of an
eight hours sleep yeah it really wakes
you up think I got like six hours last
night but the thing about it is like
it's undeniable
this is not like guesswork so you're six
point eight hours sleep last night does
it tell you what you'd get when you have
sex is it like a spike well fuck bro it
thinks I'm working out I'm saying hey
what is it what was your activity Joe
did you work out today
no today I have not I'm working out this
past activity day or day strain um under
the strain coach
ooh I'm sick 74% recovered oh well
that's good there you go six yeah I got
six hours and 39 minutes of sleep which
is pretty deep pretty decent that's
pretty good I never I never sleep like I
struggle with sleep you know yeah and
last night I got eight and a half hours
oh dude that's a great unbelievable yeah
if you can do I had a guy dr. Matthew
Walker who really changed my opinion
that was the sleep guy what I love is it
was fascinating from the jump like he
started right away he's he's excellent
and he's a really great speaker too he's
a professor here yes in LA - right um I
don't think he's LA where's dr. Matthew
Walker professor at originally from
Australia his wonderful hair in the
first five minutes does the importance
that he's like the way he breaks out how
important it directly directly the way
he breaks down how important it is like
it just hooks you yeah yeah I mean
because he's just like it's the
basically the most important thing the
most important thing yeah yeah I mean
and as far as like people who regular
get four hours or less like how many of
them get Alzheimer's it's over the
fucking roof through that really yeah oh
my god through the roof whatever it the
charts it's off the charts yeah the
numbers of people that get Alzheimer's
that also have very low sleep there's a
definite correlation mm-hm it's bad Bert
come on bro we're gonna get you healthy
this month I'm gonna sleep more yeah
sleep more well that that is one thing
that that straps will let you know cuz
it'll hold you accountable when you look
at the app and it says hey you slept for
four hours last night fuckface
you're gonna go yours really knows you
do you take sleep aids cuz that's also
bad well like yeah you shouldn't take
nice with all kinds of stuff do you not
all the time I just on a rotation like
sometimes last night it was it was
nothing I've done CBD oil I've done with
melatonin
I like the mouth that's all natural
right yeah I've done that
that helps cambium I've done that I
don't like ambien unalloyed yeah I don't
like it
I've done xanax I'm boring really that
I'm drinking right now being in weed
yeah booze weed the men ambien mixed
together you don't know what the fuck
you're saying you're still there yeah
yeah that's that's a really wild I think
it's a disassociative is it whatever it
is you start spewing bars annex xanax is
uh talk guys
you have no idea how I have to deal with
this my blast drivers black and some guy
comes up and he goes dude I love you
racism my bus drivers like what the fuck
oh my god man I've lost lost fans
they're not because my friends I've lost
a lot of fans what are you serious of
what because I post anything with a
black person in it on Instagram oh yeah
and they start typing the n-word and
then oh my god
people that fuck yeah fuckin Tom's fans
and then they fuckin in my like new
people find me through Netflix and then
they're like I don't even be a part of
this wow so it sucks because of your
mom's house it's because of I don't know
it's because of a bunch of them with
things but regardless the joke that I'm
the most racist community in the world
it's a joke again it top there's nothing
you can do about it you can't stop it
yeah once the internet decide something
it happens but it just stinks I block
them I bought I block a lot of people
who say that stuff yeah it's like I'm
like like there was they make some memes
that are really like fucking disgust I
like those 4chan type people right and
you just like and you and and people
don't know steeple
I have fans that don't know about you
guys just find me from Netflix and don't
know about our friendship have a hard
time believing that no for sure I was
hurt I was and I were in Madison the
same
and I was like it'd be funny I'll just
like his show started before mine and I
would just like I'll just go with a
broom and I sweep up and see who like
goes nuts and like 12 people were like
oh hey no one else when I was telling
the Smalley story buddy Ari Shaffir and
olive Ari I'd say it's Netflix is such a
broad it's such a boring place Netflix
and you know you can't like I can say
Joe Rogan everywhere I have a joke you
heard the other night yeah it's about
you and I say Joe Rogan and everyone is
your mom because you are fucking global
but you get specifics like I mean I
think my fans know Tom I think we share
a lot of fans but I think that's because
of our podcast - yeah it's like the
people won't know Ari which is bizarre
to me
because I assumed everyone found me
through this are you slipping you need a
slimmer phone or a more active on social
media gotta live your life still super
anti-social million I'm trying it now
the smartphone trying it for the month
but she's gonna post you're just a lot
of those are thinking of like oh how
could like just you're in a moment with
people and you're thinking like what can
I do how can I post off and you know was
it good as your self in a moment good
things about Twitter well you could post
pictures of your hog right yeah you
can't unless Twitter's got porn on it
they don't care yeah which is kind of
crazy it is kind of crazy especially
because they end up being like this
person wrote something not nice right
and there's videos I'll be scrolling
through my feet and I see a video
someone take it in the ass Wow alrighty
but if you dead named someone it's over
the ban you for life if you call Caitlyn
Jenner Bruce you're done yeah forever do
you see that rose how many times she
congratulated herself for being brave
she congratulated herself twice and Joe
like I think it goes to show you trans
people out there that if I can do this
you can do anything like what if I come
out of the closet in Wyoming and not get
noticed
yeah are you talking about of praise
everybody forgets what a dummy she was
yeah as dumb dude yeah yeah
becomes a celebrated woman amazing it's
a great hook yeah I mean it's a good
book like wouldn't when they interviewer
that's when you realize like oh wait a
minute
like you're you're not very moron yeah
oh this is not oh yeah yeah you're just
famous yeah you know that's it but the
thing is why it's a there's no depth to
any of it and then everybody
conveniently forgot that she just plowed
into some lady and forced her in a
traffic and killed her yeah it wasn't
paying attention behind the wheel this
girl swept away and away I don't know
how I swept away with with the whole
dick because she's trans it's amazing
you could tweet something a little
racist like Roseanne Barr and you ruined
your career we can kill someone yeah a
bad thing she was also a trump supporter
that was part of the earth compounded
and the racist but by the way what she
tweeted was not racist that lady looks
like the lady from the Planet of the
Apes and she did not know that that lady
was african-american yeah she's a very
small percentage after she looks well
have you ever seen the images of her
side-by-side haha dude it's like saying
you don't look like a gay bear you know
you hug a bear there's so many guys were
gay who are bears with like nipple
straps and fucking they look just like
you you put them right next to that's
not a bad thing yeah you look like a hot
sexy character compounder I'm a muscle
bear you're a bear you have to be a real
brave bear to take in the putt right a
bear with your feet up in the air and
your asshole spread out just pulling
apart that's a brave bear it's my
favorite like message to get is like
them to wait make you feel like what a
woman must feel like all the time it's a
message where guys like Saul your
special hilarity love what you're doing
love yourself can't wait to see it on
tour and you're pretty cute okay all
right that's like you know his will he
ever shown you her fucking DMS No
Jesus all dicks all dick dicks and guys
want to jerk off on her feet they want
her to jerk them off with her feet like
there's something about real creeps all
were in the feet there you go kind of
like creeps have a sending Whitney
messages for years that lady she's uh
she's a fitness influencer she just got
arrested she's gonna do five years in
jail
she sent two she had 269 different or
369 different Instagram accounts that
she was using to harass people well
threaten them say she's gonna cut them
up what yeah yeah this one crazy she
some crazy bitch from like a popular
good state she's from town so she she
did she also staged a fake kidnapping of
her 12 year old daughter Jesus yeah
she's a real piece of shit 369 to her
accounts just to fuck with people and
that's where the odd the fucking vibe
online that's my favorite by the way
it's like it's not harassment but um
there's been some celebrities that have
been caught creating accounts to defend
themselves I think like Durant did that
was like he called out really good
lately you know Bert I had a friend who
was a celebrity and was very vocal on
Twitter going at people but they had a
couple burner accounts where they'd
light people up and fucking get into it
with other people in there and I when I
heard of that I went that is such
sociopathic behavior I would never have
thought of doing that right like like I
was just like wow like it was so beyond
me that that would happen what is a
sickness right because you're trying to
pretend there's other people that are
supporting you
but that's a sin this is fucking lame
that's so sick look just give us a name
that their name rhymes with could you
describe them is it any more
you have no names for me no names
we had that bucket I see you ring that
Bell we just get this over with
that's a very Dutch Schumer that's not
how work slide it died by the way take
it off and slide that is the greatest
technology technological advance I've
ever seen
I hate is taking my watch off yeah and
the fact that the battery goes on the
hwachun charges it in 90 minutes for
five days yeah he's a fucking game
changer it's great it's great is that
the thing that's me that means the best
or it means the most is the sleep that
it monitors your sleep deep sleep let's
see let's see who can that that's how we
who sleeps the most this month for sleep
suppose I'm in with that who's the most
here out of all of us probably probably
all right he's got nothing at me
good looks like a good night for you Ari
if I can get eight I'm good
but I'll sleep until someone's asleep by
10:00 I like man I'm just go back to
sleep
nice we didn't know but kids he doesn't
have yeah that's nice and he's missing
to get up he's got money yeah yeah I
don't have to go anywhere to earn
anything yeah no responsibilities in
life you're one of my favorite people
that is like taking success and like
really done it in a great way
like you really bought freedom whereas a
lot of people buy a lot of shit you
don't even own a fucking car yeah no
reason in the car they don't know if you
got to drive somebody get a Zipcar
I've never lived in you neither of you
have ever lived in New York you two home
while she got a tent
I
I lived in New Rochelle and I lived in
New Rochelle because that's not Manor
but I couldn't afford to live in
Manhattan couldn't afford a parking spot
because I did Road oh you had to have oh
yeah I was a road warrior man all my
gigs were on the road I didn't have
anybody from there yes since one time I
picked up a tail at the Laugh Factory
and I was like going to store if you
want a ride it was parked right across
the street goes yeah all right and that
was like hold on move some stuff there's
so much fucking shit in my car and he
was like Road car huh and I'm like no
I'm just super messy gross person you
know I said living that way when I was
thinking moving to New York and tom was
like fuck I wish I could move to New
York yeah and I was like why don't you
like I got a wallet phone no I can't
just move yeah you could just move yeah
and then from then on I was like I
should do shit to make my married
friends jealous I should live away they
were their back fuck otherwise you're
not even doing anything no you do do a
lot of cool shit yeah I'll give you that
you do it you mean like do a lot of cool
yeah you're like Chelsea Handler
activist yeah and you also believe women
are smarter they're smarter and better
along so fucking good you should all say
y'all rude trick well together
I bet hard yeah I've always gone along
with her I don't feel very much what I
think she thought was that before or
after Molly I both listen I'm sorry I
don't ever trust you again it's once and
done for me for anybody we gonna dos
other people know about it before that
me
he said he's like almost definitely old
ocean yes I would if if it was like if
we were doing this podcast yesterday
before October started then for sure
yeah interesting
probably just acid though what do you
think there would be a different
backlash though you could just ask yeah
that's me and then I would have said hey
Ari now's a bad time but I would like to
do that with you we'll do it later
let me talk to my cardiologist first we
should do acid on November whatever is
when we come back in yeah we're not
gonna be able to do a return podcast
yeah we did mushrooms together we did a
little bit yeah we did do mushrooms yeah
we Tom's in in Europe when you get a
mutant I get back I'm there too I leave
the 14th I'm not back in LA till the
18th
damn when you come back the 10th 11th
12th 13th right before I go to Chicago
wellit's of November yeah huh
what are we gonna do we gotta have to we
have to have a wrap-up show yes I mean I
would do it I just right so attend
classes 500 pages of reading Nate
whatever book book any book write any
book you want to look I got any book
fiction nonfiction yeah and tell us what
you're reading and then like if we're
like looking for a book we can like yeah
read that one too
what are you guys gonna start in on
there's a book about the beginning of
4chan and - Chan was a to chant racism
in that book of it
yeah a lot a lot but there's all those
things
I bet oh by the way I still never found
a contact at a Children's Hospital to
give that money - I've had like a ten
grand signatures how fun this podcast
can be for me do you realize that this
is like it's a fuckin achiever comic
come on take your shirt off maybe you'll
feel better
here take a shot there's a whole library
of books out there - if you guys want to
so many people bring Bo really uh yeah
it's probably I want to I some more what
classic literature I feel kind of like
fine back kind of stuff that I'm like
you know I haven't read any of that like
no other minute I'm gonna jump into
something I don't know
yeah yes that's a good boy mom well I
definitely want to read the madness of
the crowds new Douglas Murray book
supposed to be excellent it's all about
outrage and that's cool yeah so yeah
Douglas Murray has been on my podcast
before he was one of the first guys that
I ever had on that was like immediately
demonetized oh really yeah and he did a
podcast with with sam harris and someone
put it on their playlist love their
channel and they got cited for community
standards
she made a playlist with that one in
there yeah and I so I asked this lady at
YouTube she was it's hate speech I go
it's hate speech I know the fact that
you just said that you're talking about
to public intellectuals one of us was a
neuroscientist the other ones a gay man
from
Europe who is a public intellectual and
you just said it's hate speech is
because he's written about the negative
aspects of immigration into Europe and
he brought a book called the strange
death of Europe
the somebody's called Islam and the
strange to slow death or strange death
of Europe till they do monetize them but
not just that they cited this person
with community standards and then the
woman at YouTube that I was speaking to
at a fucking party I was just at a party
with a friend of mine who used to be a
big executive at Google just happened to
be there she brought me to this party
and this lady just happened to be there
that worked at YouTube and I asked her
about it and she just flippantly said
it's hate speech I mean you don't know
well you didn't listen that podcast yeah
the fact you just say I I know that if
it would see it's the end all of any
conversation you just say that and
that's what she said and she was trying
to do that when she was talking to me I
wasn't letting her go and my wife was
squeezing my leg it was super
uncomfortable conversation but it makes
you realize how arrogant some of these
people are that are in these positions
of power yeah that are in control of
social media and now they're getting a
lot of blowback so they've softened up
their tone sure but they're still like
steven crowder just had some peace that
he did about how much there's a shadow
banning with his YouTube account like
he's one of those guys prove me wrong
like like Hitler you know Hitler was
really smart prove you wrong yeah yeah
yeah you know he it takes like like
there's only two genders prove me wrong
and he'll sit down with people at his
table and have these conversations and
film them uh-huh and you know most
people are not prepared or an emotional
and emotional and he stays calm and that
gets me more freaked out entertaining
come so anyway someone was looking for
one of those when someone was looking
they so they googled steven crowder
prove me wrong they couldn't find
anything in the first 70 fucking videos
that were recommended by youtube do
they've just that's literally his video
steven crowder prove me wrong i got
message that i'm shadow banned on
instagram they're like type in your name
link more than ever that Instagram just
has a really shitty search engine oh
okay
oh no I talked to a Instagram star about
this
they're upset that we are making money
off Instagram without using their
promotion they want you to use their
promotion as a fact we're selling merch
to Instagram we're selling tickets to
Instagram and they're not gonna kind of
man how does this fucking person who's
an Instagram influencer know this that's
all they do for their life but they
don't know that but they're not inside
the inner workings of the company and
the more that I look into this the more
I think they have a really shitty search
engine but it's also possible that
someone is preventing certain people
from getting found like Andrew Schultz
was the first person to point it out and
if you just type in Andrew Schultz and
tried to find his name you all you could
find there's all these other accounts
why is he decides he shit no cause he's
a comic yeah if you're a comedy you say
crazy shit and someone decides it's
offensive and they say hey we're gonna
put there I'm sorta on this shadow band
yeah yeah that's crazy well dude it's
real it's just nerve channel banning is
real there's this all project Veritas is
this guy James O'Keefe that's done this
undercover investigation you had people
talk to Twitter Instagram people and the
people that work there when they're at a
bar when they're out the explained there
were explaining to the worl how you
shadow bands someone how you stop
conservative voices so I I had my
patreon was like shot up and right away
and I was like that's pretty quick and I
emailed them in a calm manner and I was
like hey what's going on I don't show up
in search engines and she was let me
look and she goes all right well you've
been I see it you've been flagged as
having pornography I'm looking you know
you just started one there's almost
nothing on there it's for sure wrong so
I'll take that flag off and now you show
up
so I'm wondering if some of it's just
like a bureaucratic like yeah just
labels you or an asshole fan right
because a lot of them just say uh can
target you right they could defeat you
and there's no way to say hey this was
wrong can you take that off me
yeah hey Ari you know spikes people's
drinks he's that kind of guy what's
weird about it is it's so ideologically
one-sided well yeah people or everyone
on the left is kind of free to post
whatever the fuck they want and people
on the right it's interesting for sure
because like yeah even if you don't know
if you're not conservative you should I
mean you should want some type of
balance to exist price the whole idea
justification on those the justification
is all that trumps a terrible president
and that yeah the election was terribly
you know infuriating and there was a
Google executive that was talking about
it recently there was this really weird
interview where they were talking about
how deeply upset everyone was at the
results of the election I'm sure they've
decided to take steps to try to prevent
this their platform from being used for
a similar similar result in the future
this is a crazy time right now fucking
right now this week is nuts man past few
days yeah what do you think about all
this impeachment shit and Ukraine shit I
mean the the funny thing is it's almost
like a perfect highlight of everybody
being who they are you know but on him
going like it's a perfect phone call
it's like such a trump line and then
he's definitely you know talking to
another president about like he's
denying what he did right but then you
know there's people who obviously stand
like Stan saying it's not you know the
conversation was about investigations
but you know he's always been somebody
you got I think separate him from
politics this is a guy who's new to
politics essentially right right he has
always been a guy who bent the rule like
he's a rule breaker he doesn't fight you
know he's always been someone who's like
that shit doesn't apply to me make it
happen and I think that you know what I
don't know how far it's gonna go but I
think the door is open now to like
they're really they're really going to
investigate that call then there was a
report that maybe the Australian PM call
had a similar thing where he asked him
to invite you know to get involved and
we haven't seen the readout of that so I
don't know I mean I don't know it seems
likely one from one we want to impeach
for something's like right away to
another one it's nice to think like I
don't even know yeah it's hard it's hard
to get like I think in in the normal
sense like if we had gone through a more
stable last couple of years as far as
this would be groundbreaking holy shit
we're like in the in the scope of what
the last few years have been like it
still feels like
yes some other crazy I'm sure you're not
telling me the words yeah yeah yeah I
don't know yeah yeah they're saying
they're opening the investigation into
it but we don't know what really that's
gonna mean yeah you're saying only one
Peacham man
things can get really ugly things could
get crazy here supporters fuck yeah if
you don't sign out if you just took
their guy and just said we voted him in
fair and square and you guys just
removed him no way but today what was
right impeach this pic no picture the
entire country that's mostly red states
a couple of blue which was the result
the election that was Trump's post yep
what do you think of that of the call
the with the I didn't really listen to
it did you listen tour do you to look at
the transcript I read the transcript
yeah I didn't I didn't read the
transcript I'm gonna wait until it gets
real I I like to look at these things
like looking at soon because it feels a
lot of it feels like sensationalized
right well I remember Justin Martindale
telling me the stormy Daniels was gonna
take him down visit she's our Monica
Lewinsky they want it so bad yeah they
want that nothing like a duck to water
just water off his back shook it off
yeah kept moving but he also I think he
loves this shit you know I think he
actually look he like will complain
about witch-hunt shit but I think he
actually likes me talked about the game
it's a game for him you know I think
yeah I think he enjoys yeah but the game
is try to put a real stink on him when
2020 comes around he can't win right
that's things don't stick to him mmm
other people he what he'll win the next
election you think so you think so
yeah there's I don't think the Democrats
have come up with someone that's the
they need someone like a no joke but
like the rock something to be excited
about then it's just the rock could win
100 percent even if he would be a
terrible president and I think he
probably would be he seems like a really
smart guy might actually be good
dedicated himself to it based on what
talking to him oh you know yeah oh yeah
I was like based on his moves not just
that I mean I've talked him briefly but
reading his stuff that he posts and
listen to his little Instagram videos
he's a considerate interesting
introspective god
just works hard bust his ass but he's
very nice he's a good guy you know and I
mean I don't know if that's enough to be
President but I don't think anybody
should be President yeah but once we're
down to a popularity contest at least I
think he would be a fair and equitable
person it might just go to straight to
popularity contest so no more
politicians can win well well Kanye if
someone really decided someone really
famous not just Trump but someone else
decided like especially a famous comic
yeah decided to run for president he
would be fucked because he's so easy to
make fun of and all those fucking dolts
don't know how to do it yeah and so he
shits on them and all the the people
that never had like the thing about him
is he's the first asshole president like
openly an asshole and there's so many
guys out there that are assholes that
want to support another asshole yeah
like finally one of us remember I
remember there's a scene where Ted Cruz
was giving some speech there was a guy
with sunglasses on who was toned quit
you're never gonna win you're never
gonna win Trump's gonna be President and
he's in his face and Ted Cruz is trying
to talk to him in his also a politician
way but this guy's like fuck you yeah
cuz he's an asshole
yeah exactly and he wants to be able to
do that to Ted Cruz and Ted Cruz didn't
know what the fuck to do right and I was
like oh you didn't know how to handle
this right I've been heckled right right
never a trauma is like fuck you like
right back to your face yeah I think if
a real like if Oprah ran I think she'd
win I think if someone that's what we've
entered into we're like now we don't
want any with any expertise yeah he's
not popular well I mean if someone like
Obama ran he would fucking win but you
have to that's how he's a unicorn like
someone who's that articulate and
charismatic you get like a Bill Clinton
you get like a you know Obama those are
rare people that are that good at
talking and also have a good record and
also you know know how to fucking rile a
crowd up there's not a lot of those Joe
Biden certainly isn't one of them he
looks man Walking Dead and he also just
notably slit-like every time like you
can see that it's taking in a while to
put together you know I mean like when
an older guy takes a minute to put
something together you see all this fuck
and he's not healthy and he looks tired
always tired you can't be tired and run
for president and then you got that
people adjudicated guy that guy can't
even run his own fucking city they're
all pissed at him you know it's the
people in his own City there was a
murderer
cop murdered somebody and everybody was
going crazy and like what are you doing
you're not even here you're out there
running for president yeah you can't you
look you you all your fucking time
should be running your goddamn City and
instead you're on TV every day the
fucking City there's no way it's one of
the rare jobs you could it's fucking all
encompassing run you should have is
someone else run but it's the rare jobs
where it requires so much energy to
pursue and yet people pursue it while
they have other jobs that they're being
paid for with Pat taxpayer dollars yeah
you should give up being a senator
you should get an interim leader while
you're running for poetry third percent
and maybe you should have to fucking
earn it back like who knows maybe the
new senators better and maybe he doesn't
want to be president that polling
changes all the time but it isn't like
the top three still is it's like it's a
mix of like Biden more in Sanders right
it's always like this yeah Bri yep
though is also the three that everybody
wants to win I'm always fascinated by
that person who like at this point six
months in or something and they're at
0.012 I'm doing another fundraising
campaign you're not winning dude I wish
I had a little bit of that in my
personality like that's why you thought
you're gonna win sober October last year
there's a trigger for you that's the
thing is if somebody goes you're
definitely not gonna win then you go
yeah well I said I like I liked I have I
had fun with that I thought it's fun I
was and when I didn't think that when I
started don't you started throwing up
numbers I was like there's no way I'm
catching Joe but are still making videos
going Joe doubled whatever you do and I
was I just thought it was fun it was fun
for sure was fun I didn't think it was
fun I know you didn't it was horrible
but it was still fun it was definitely
fun for me to see what's a change in the
ratings I feel like you would do
anything yeah how do we decide champ
this year I thought I thought I was
gonna be a real problem because I know
Ari
Ahri's psychotically competitive only
when I challenge it yeah it's got a
iover entered in hey that's a good
question though
is there a way to win or lose this year
kind of feels like she's not really
doesn't seem like there is no the
problem with a way to win or lose is
it's gonna become a competition again
and everyone's gonna go fucking crazy
yeah and we're gonna spend too much time
doing it that's the real problem
the real problem is time constraints
like the funnest year for me
Wow last year was for him but it was too
crazy but the year before that was the
yoga thing was easy in terms of it was
hard to do put time in that was time in
yoga was the best one we've done because
we all did it together yeah Tom and I
went to almost every class together and
that's nice we all went together it was
fun yeah when we when we all showed up
in Encino and so this class will be
something yeah yeah we're still doing
this yeah well you rather not what do
you want to do I bring that Bell dude
drunk is fuck this I called Jeff in the
ice I mean we're in him you know we kill
each other or we could get super fucked
up and then still have to do these
challenges and yeah we could do that no
one's be drunk mmm yeah well I wouldn't
do that but I've done jiu-jitsu hi many
many many oh yeah it's great hi yeah I
think so slowly good okay throws it down
for you and tell what's happening if you
have a feel for things sort of like pool
you're better at pool when you're high
two things that we have a feel for
things do you get high to do arena shows
now sure you do
yeah well just a Tokarev oh you get
bounced off really yep and you go up
there fucking rip no shit
I get exactly you say that yeah with
Chappelle for sure those the biggest
show of every attacks how we got blasted
how many was around 25,000 Wow and you
got high as fuck
high as fuck we broke the attendance
record for the Tacoma Dome
we're both lit the next day that was
crazy about him is he really goes rock
star style we fly on a private jet
we land and you get in a tour bus not a
limo tour bus and he's on the phone with
John Mayer they're talking about the
benefits of the tour bus versus a car
service pick a car service so the tour
bus takes you to the hotel ten minute
drive tour bus and then once we get
there then we go into Dave's room and
he's got all the fucking IV set up they
got a doctor there or nurses there that
are administering IVs to us they're
giving you glutathione your process
really process the alcohol survived
hundred made you discover I did I shot
in the butt right up to my boss that's
my show in Casey so I was like fucking
shaking and it gave it to me and I felt
amazing and then I was like and then I
started getting jumpy to go to a little
too good and I was like Oh fuckity
yellow well really reinvigorates you man
violent drip vitamin Trump ID IV not
Molly
well I got i guess ii try to do the
thing is if you're already sick it's too
late really yeah yeah if you if you're
you're sick if you're like starting to
feel like oh man you think you have a
chance can you get the drip but the b12
shot even when I was sick gave me a nice
gives you a little boost yeah I got
three hours before this you know it's
hard to get that without the shot you
know if you take the there's a liposomal
b12 that you can take you put under your
tongue and check yeah it's okay it's
pretty good it's not as nice a shot
yeah the shots the way to go yeah the
shots the way to go the real way to go
is to make sure you always have a heavy
nutrient levels in your body always I
always take multivitamins always you
know make sure you get a balanced diet
then you can party a little more and you
got a little more leeway you can bounce
back easier it's the people that eat
like shit and then they don't you know
he's but we we did a podcast for this we
drank a lot of water
and booze but I can't believe you dosed
you
I used to pissed about it I'm not pissed
I mean I'm it's just it's it triggers
things in my head
yeah and and it bums me out that it's a
close friend mmm cuz it's like a lack of
trust you know well it weird is how like
laughy he is about it I think it was a
big part of that though is cuz he knows
dude I think he's I think he knows he
fucked up I think when I told him I said
hey man this would have this counteracts
with my medicine he was like I didn't
think about that
and I was like oh yeah yeah I think he
knows I think you know what can I shitty
you on with and emelina peen and this is
all almost got taken off it yeah
and this last I went back to the doctor
and he's like blood pressure is perfect
yeah he was like you know the goal is to
get you to a healthy weight and get you
off your blood-pressure meds is there an
target weight no - I'd like to be 205
you do when you got down to the 215 215
was the lightest I got after the weight
challenge but I thought I was dehydrated
right that was dehydrate no no no 215
was when we did the weight loss
challenge I kept losing weight I got
down to 215 oh yeah and so I would like
to be if I get down to 215 but in 205 I
think I'd still I'm still not gonna be
in shape at 205 I'm still almost obese
but no that's the middle middle weight
what was what was your OB 224 before
Holly oh 6-1-6 one 205 is pretty lean
dude Wow yeah I would like that yeah you
can get there yeah I think this month
will be I'll be interested to see how
much weight I lose because I'm already
265 oh no nope 305 nope you're 412 oh
can you wear your cells to 37 yeah come
on man if I bust out a scale right now
it says 237 really probably not no later
in the to divert weighed myself since I
got back off the tour
that's great sex but yeah I'd like to
look it down
how much e Wayne 233 really yeah how
often do you often scale every fucking
week every fuck didn't you make some
wacky deal where you kind of have to be
on the road constantly no
I made a deal but I don't have to do
whatever I don't want to do so his tour
bus is amazing amazing it's so much it's
so nice on there that's great oh my god
and so when you go on tour comments
actually just take that bus from town to
town it's awesome
and that's how you do it from now on
yeah this is great
there's also gonna Sturgill in his band
yesterday they were in here and he was
saying that he would rather be on a bus
for three days than go to an airport
home it's all comfortable in there
they're all buddies they're all hanging
out yeah you get a good time how much
fun was it we got great just on the show
we get in the tour bus starts raining
you're all everyone's in there drinking
we're all talking we're watching we're
talking shit about comics you can watch
it on the fucking TV you can sit around
right yeah I got 10 Dillon on the road
with me this week that's smart together
fungi that like Tim my bus drivers
fucking hilarious my tour managers my
cousin and that was a good sober guy
because he seems like a drunk right
interesting that he's seen does seem
like a drunk but he's not like that
Megan McCain thing you would think that
has to be done by a guy was on a lot of
drugs yeah he's really funny
I will fuck you only fuck that Megan
McCabe it is fucking crazy yeah I like
it he's also like super I've seen his
like Twitter it's like she's super
opinionated which is Wow oh yeah it's
fun to see so he to me he had the very
best take of a lot of people that were
attacking Louie and that there are
really mediocre comedians who didn't
like the fact that Louie was brilliant
and they're coming up with all these
reasons why they hate him on top of what
he did especially a certain camp of
comedian yeah really really embrace that
which is like cuz Louie always had his
feet planted both amazingly and all
mainstream and perfectly well everybody
in both was like that's the guy yeah but
when the alt camp really came after him
hard because those are the little virtue
signaling those were the ones where like
oh the king is done yeah oh he's so
brilliant like you thought he was
brilliant yeah said like you can't do
rape jokes unless you're Louie he does
it good
yeah they were always saying that
there's he's their exception for that
yeah lol what he's doing is really
interesting cuz traveling around and
he's just doing clubs I'm fascinated by
what the draw is if he were to and now
it's the big venue because I like having
traveled a lot this year and doing it
makes me think that he would be at like
at least 75 percent of what his draw was
I think I really believe yeah yeah I
think it'd be higher excitement to lost
anybody there's an excitement to it now
where it's like before was like he'll be
back next year I don't know where he was
he gained more yeah yeah he gained but
it's just like but it's at the club's
right now so it's like I want to see the
like maybe he's just decided to just
just do this and make a good living
traveling around doing clubs she'll
never do a special again maybe he just
enjoys doing stand-up I don't know I
don't know either
there's I feel like I noticed different
types of comics there's comics that like
to live in LA and do spots in LA and not
get out and I don't think Louise that
guy I think Louise likes being on the
road I think he likes the road you know
the roads so different than la in New
York yeah it is
it's also you know it's always fans that
are coming to see ya yeah I mean it's
also fun in New York he does a lot of
spots in New York or he did anyway does
he do them now that's we're not really
anymore
because there were videotaping
everything he said that's such a problem
now it's people video - I have a lot of
his video house everything I'm doing
they're just videotaping the entire
thing have you thought about using those
Yonder bags
I have not because I don't know I think
it's just a pain in the ass
what are you gonna do fight we did it at
the Chappelle show
25,000 yeah yeah the other China people
we did it also on the next night how
long does it take to get them in Salt
Lake out takes a while yeah takes a
while but if you you know the thing is
that yonder they know how to do it the
the Tacoma show was the biggest show
that ever handled before you know what's
nice after a show like that as soon as
it ends no words growing on their phone
they're all talking to each other but
what they just saw mm-hmm you know
they're not disappearing
leading up to my Netflix special - I did
it for a few months I did it for three
yeah was it what do you think what did
it cost you
it's we talked about it it's not it's
not cheap to cost a little bit of money
cuz right now I'm getting ready for my
Netflix special and what I realized is
like some like you still gotta take
chances even though you're in a theater
you're still gonna have to roll the dice
and take chances and write new material
cuz you two haven't really got it yet
and I hate that people are recording me
taking chances
yeah like and like trying to figure
things out and I go don't put that on
YouTube it's not done yet like yeah I
want to tell you when it's done yeah I
can pay attention quit even if you're
just using it for yourself just pay
attention watch it in the room you know
what's the best and put by best I mean
the worst was Miami because when I use
the yonder bags of Miami
why was it the Jackie Gleason theater
yeah these motherfuckers they would get
up constantly to go outside to make
phone calls and then come back so they
liked the crowd instead of everybody
sitting down focused was just people
constantly getting up and rehab users
coming back they had to use it so to go
outside to come back it was the one city
super suspect always said if you want to
starve to death open up a bookstore in
Miami fuckin party place on earth that's
the spot yeah and that one it was so
clear watching the audience you could
get up with me
you ever been to Fort Myers particularly
party though it's a different vibe it's
also an all night you know all night all
the time you can get good food in Miami
at 3:00 in the morning absolutely no
questions I think it's weird that you're
looking for it either
like dinner now at 3m sure when the
malls closed like I just got this drink
there's putting a paper cup like go yeah
all right okay it's the Sun comes up
it's it's an interesting place it's not
my favorite but I know but I like going
there because it makes me really feel
like I'm in another country looks like
I'm doing stand-up at Costa Rica you are
basically you oh there's wild people
there's so much dancing in the streets
that's like nowhere Miami's Latin
America man yeah lively everyone's
Lively a lot of Lambos a lot of Tom
Segura cars driving around
Jewellery a lot of fucking crazy
coloring you ever see yourself in a
flossy car
no I don't care about cars really really
really but yes sir you draw to you you
show me that thing you were very proud
of it
I know you say you know I like it I like
it but I don't I don't really give a I'm
not a car guy with your stuff indulgence
what's your stuff yeah what do you what
do you go snack cars like what would i
don't think i think i don't know not
that indulgent I was like financially I
don't really care about jewelry too much
of a necklace my grandmother gave me I
don't really care about stuff like that
um like watches yeah but I don't really
care I stopped wearing my Rolex I just
thought it's too flashy and I thought
you get robbed so I was like yeah
fucking everyone what is that what you
doing this is just a for my running
humming garments yeah is you're on stage
in front of fucking 2,800 people and
then you go hey let's go out to a bar
after this and then you got fifty
thousand dollars on your wrist yeah it's
it's just kind of thousands now what
kind of roll-ups you wearing
presidential rose gold damn you should
go straight Tracy Morgan just giant
fucking gold ropes the fat gold ropes
and a giant dollar bill sign I get I get
anxiety when I hear about you guys
spending money like or like we need like
something when you when you got this
place I got anxiety for you cuz I go
like I know you have a lot of money but
I go but are you afraid you're gonna run
out like that's how I am with money I
know I'm a hard time spending it well
some people are famine thinkers yeah why
don't I buy I think yeah I think I do
and it's like when you got the the Lambo
I got scared for you because I was like
why would you do that yeah I'm trying to
get him to buy it for real yeah but you
like to spend money yeah you do like
spending money like spend enjoy it
yeah I grew up poor I like I like having
money I don't think you should have
money if you're not gonna spend it I
just don't I don't agree with that yeah
but there's not a part of your comic
brain that goes that's gonna be taken
away yeah fuck that that's I got a
different branding you yeah yeah my
brain doesn't work I work every fucking
weekend because I go oh I I wanna get
the material sharp only get ready for
the special I want to make as much money
as well the sunshines make hay while the
Sun shines
geez you're gonna be fine
to me more often and stay off the Molly
this guy yes got the malayali all the
time yeah let's do it so he doesn't feel
bad to spend all his money on bars and
shit you know because it's so crazy that
how what a character I've become yeah
but I'm not even a real human anymore ha
ha that's you know that was kinnison's
problem he became a character yeah
kinnison even talked about it in books
Hunter has Thompson the same issue you
know as he got famous for being this
wild man you know and people that knew
hunter would say that when the cameras
were off he was a different guy but when
he knew that the cameras were there he
would all sudden take on this character
like you know there's a do you know that
um band beardyman mmm Fitzsimmons and I
were reading off Hunter as Thompson's
daily routine oh yeah yeah great we're
reading it off and beardyman turned it
into a video turn the song and then
turned into this crazy video oh yes yeah
okay it's really yeah I saw five of this
apparently didn't really live like that
everyday it was just like when someone
whenever order was there he was just
like I'm just gonna do coke and drink
all day I'm the wake up at four in the
afternoon and I'm gonna you know eat
fucking Cheetos and Doritos and
enchiladas and be like this is my root
drink margaritas and you know 6:00 a.m.
and the hot tub went champagne you know
and that's that's what he would do and
he would write midnight after you mean
so he had this reporter there and he's
doing all these hard hard drugs up until
midnight and at midnight he started
writing well he writes till 6:00 a.m.
and then 6:00 a.m. so cool it's not yes
he would like it that guy like Kinnison
said they would just lay out lines of
coke form like oh you have no fucking
idea when I just I don't bring I got
bring a drink on stage and I'll drink
having my drink from doing one show I'll
have it when I tell the Machine story
but if I just have a like a soda and I
just take a big sip they go fucking nuts
and and it's hard because it's hard
because
I do like drinking so like when people
are like hey can I buy you a drink you
yeah like alright and you're like well
fuck like yeah yeah yeah right I get it
and no one had like when I told everyone
I already slipped me Molly on stage they
just cure your the Machine and you're
like I'm also a fucking dad like I'm
crazy dad but you I don't even know like
I remember hearing about Amy and Sara
when they got in trouble for the jokes
they made going up that's a character I
do and I can't wrap my head around a
difference between Who I am on stage who
I am up off stage like I'm the same
person so like I I can't understand
being a character even though you know
it again I know what you saying I can't
understand that either I'm bait I'm
basically the exaggerated version of me
on stage that is yeah yeah the finest
funniest ways I'm looking at life but
they're always I've actually looked at
life I've never said anything on stage
where I'm like no not my perspective but
I'm gonna take on this perspective in
order to get these people to laugh at me
I hate that shit
anyone comments do that I'm like you
don't believe that just change to choke
up yea orsa take take the high road and
try to write the fucking joke the way
you want it to sound lasted something's
fucked up to say that you got to know
that I don't really think that I will
say yeah you're saying I'll say yes I
don't even fucking think that right I
just think it's funny haha no what about
you how much of you on the podcast is
who you are off it's like a hundred
percent of me on the podcast I've been
doing it for so long I don't think I
would know how to fake being someone
else no but nobody's like but it's also
it wouldn't work like this one of the
reasons why this podcast works is
because it seems like a hang like you
guys know me this is me yeah you know
yeah this is it yeah yeah yeah dizzy if
you if that wasn't the case but it also
makes it so much easier can imagine if
that if you had a character that you
were doing on a podcast and you have to
keep that character thanks for me that's
one of the reasons why it's so easy to
do the UFC and so he's even to do
stand-up it's like I'm live all the time
yeah I'm the the the idea of someone
watching you is easy it's more like when
I do those UFC broadcasts and you know
if I'm doing a pay-per-view millions of
people watching this is fucking hugely
important thing we don't
rehearse I don't even know what they're
gonna ask me yeah that's really crazy no
idea of no idea and that's how I've
always done it but I know what's
happening I know who the fighters are I
know what's going down but but that's
because I'm a fan so when John Anik
turns to me and he's like you know in
this light heavyweight title fight you
know you know John Jones and I'll just
start going off I just started talking
about it but it's because of this
because I do this so often I feel like
other sports broadcasters do so much
more press so much more work than you
sure yeah they all study their binders
like five days well no to it I do study
fights but I still fights because I'm
interested that just happened to be a
fan yeah so it's easy look if I was
doing basketball I'd have to really pay
attention to the teams early pay
attention to who's playing who and what
the implications are for fighting I know
it oh yeah I know I pay attention to it
constantly so when something's happening
I'm like I'm excited about this I only
know comedy like that like I know
there's only one thing I know in its
comedy yeah that's the only thing I have
any expertise at all because like I
don't know anything about anything well
I think that's one of the good things
about being not so good at something
it's like something that you get excited
about I think it helps to other things
like I think archery like an bow hunting
I think it helps my comedy and I think
it helps podcasting either help because
it's something that I'm learning how to
do so it's not something you're excited
about yeah because it requires a lot of
work requires a lot of thinking and this
it's a very absolute thing well you
can't fuck it up it has to be done
correctly it's like there's a lot of
work that has to go into it you can't
fake the work I don't know if I could
get into anything without comedy being
the purpose that I'm there like if I got
in two or three I'd be like this is to
write a bit about we have hobbies
outside of comedy no well yeah like I
don't worry I don't nursed I never
understood when people say their hobbies
I never cry can never wrap my head
around that I go yet making videos
running for it no but I don't even
really I only run to try to be healthy I
don't enjoy it like I don't have any
hobbies what about you Tom yeah I don't
know I mean I've I've actually always
been that have that thing around like
man I wish I had more hobbies and then
all the way that I kind of talked myself
down
from the criticism is like well I just
have a very busy life you know I have
kids I have a wife I have the podcasting
I have touring it's like they're kind of
a hobby too though yeah I like certain
things like I've gone to a couple tracks
to drive and I really love it but it's
fucking to find like you know that's a
lot they're not here
we're not like in proper la's you got to
go to them once a week well isn't there
a Porsche driving experience yeah
fantastic yeah it's great yeah and so is
I went to M school we could do that
things we do for a class really focus to
it
do you are you allowed to use your own
car do you know Derek I'll use that now
there's a like in so basically at the
Porsche driving experience they have one
Atlanta they have went the one here you
sign up for a certain thing for that day
so it's like turbos gt3 you want to do
with master the manual you you pick a
class and then like that's your car for
the experience right then they have
different tracks they have a bowl they
have a slip like flip this kind of thing
where the ground moves oh yeah you have
it amazing like if you want to feel like
you can't drive you get in the car with
like that they're Pro drivers and you're
like yeah I gotta drive and they're like
check out this shake you're like yeah I
don't know I've been doing it for like
25 years you're like I don't I Drive
because they're fucking amazing right
yeah and then em school is like BMWs
thing it's out and like towards
Coachella mmm that's fuckin so fun and
you get em to sm-3s Anam fives on
different courses we should do what we
should do is to keep the competition
alive but not make us go crazy about it
over time is do like two three
activities like a driving a shooting or
three active and activities that none of
us have previous experience in and just
it's just straight competition see who's
the best but the driving part you're
gonna be hampered by your weight yeah
yeah there's a lot of weight mmm extra
four or 500 pounds in that front see ya
chat or join your table girth
we're fascinating and certainly do
something like that you know we could
also do something like that where I mean
we're doing this sober October right
this is our October yeah unless you have
alcohol you want to bring up we could we
could break this up and we could do it
at another time too
like we don't have to do this just once
a month or once a year rather we can do
something else like literally this is
this but it's one of the most fun things
we do we could do on top of being sober
we can do another thing on another month
where it's just a racing month then you
don't have to be sober at all I like
pushing more like that you could do a
fishing month yeah the race thing you'll
love dude fucking racing designer track
somewhere
well the fascinating thing is like when
I don't have that he'll have that race
trigger no charm so yeah I'm just gonna
yeah I mean I know it just I what the
thing that gives like maybe you to where
you get confident behind the wheel I
start getting nervous going it's gonna
flip it's gonna flip well if you believe
the instructor because they're so good
yeah and they tell you like no no no
like like hit the throttle up to this
point where you go that's way too late
to be hitting the brake and they're like
let me show you how and you actually see
it then you start to get the confidence
to follow the instruction well but it's
just you're gonna panic when you realize
how long 500 words is or 500 pages upon
pages 500 pages to read size books you
can't read a book that's probably that's
what we can read this will be a
resolution of just words that don't mean
anything to how much is that I see
something the quantum worlds of the
emergence of space I would be like I bet
I couldn't understand the first sentence
I listen that book on audio and I had to
go back over it multiple times
yeah that's heady fuck it's less hobbies
maybe yeah shit man I'm like I'm a
different creative team how close was I
pretty good thank you I'm a different
kind of crazy though my kind of crazy
needs other things thinking about to
quit
it's one belonging to Alice and the
other busy Bob I don't even own equip it
is I'm lost trying to explain it to you
hmm
I mean III can't I look at your schedule
and it gives me panic I have to piss
spearing a pan yeah yes Torrance maybe
yeah
take your drink with you take advantage
you afterwards yeah we should have
another month's is a straight Reading
Challenge Reading Challenge just for a
month all right I like that what are the
odds Joe goes back and listens to this
yeah it's all just trash him like fuckin
like pizza oh I told my buddies drunk
great guy man I told my bus driver that
Tim Dylan's gay and because I was like
he's you're gonna meet him you're not
gonna know and my bus drivers a little
crass yeah so I was like I don't want
you know I just giving you a heads-up
and both Dave Williams had an Andrew my
cousin the bus driver leaves and he goes
that's fuckin a good prank
I go what and they're like telling
somebody's game when he's gay and
they're like Oh for real we found out we
get shit on my bus that's a grinder yeah
shit on the bus it grinds up the shit
and puts it out so yeah yeah the whole
thing it's amazing it's a game changer
for the week when you can't shit on the
bear you stop it or do it all so what
ends up happening is you have two shows
you eat dinner at midnight and you're
like all right just go to bed and then
you have like a fucking 4:00 a.m. middle
of the night dude dude first thing in
the morning you know holding at night 40
minutes know why you find a bathroom
lianna Liam we're driving through the
Canadian Rockies and LeAnn hops up
there's like her first day on the bus
and she's like hey where are the wipes
at I'm like what do you mean she goes
I'm gonna take a dump and I was like no
you little shit on the bus I'm shitting
right now like I'm about shit I'm going
right now and I said no no you can't you
got to go ask the driver to pull over we
go out and it's just mountains
everywhere and he's like I don't know
what to tell you
and well I'm like you're gonna be
shitting on the side of the road into
the snow we found a fucking rest stop it
at the lag Oh what that's the rest stop
right there
pulled over so fucking beautiful so
beautiful
yeah eating about the normal as you see
the country you do you can shit though
it changes your entire week can you
imagine how much fun it would have been
if when you guys were touring with Joe
you guys had a tour bus I would be for
you guys would have had the best times
your fucking lives
yeah I was showing a video my best after
this do you think your bus is better
than Bert's
without question no hers was amazing I'm
the tour bus champ this is nobody can
have it I guess you're ten times better
ten times better than that great buzz it
it's the most state-of-the-art bus you
can get so if it's not that then it's
don't you have J Lo's boss I did yeah I
saw his bus on the outside of my hotel
in Madison and I went in there like oh
well I mean obviously it's his
I'm with Adrian and I'm just like I
knocked on the window nothing and then I
just like open the door and just walked
in yeah and like Dave it's like Oh Mike
I am my name's Ari I'm a comedian I know
Burt and he's like they're onto his bus
that was it's so funny to see people
because Ari is a the heightened version
of always in the in the in the
atmosphere yeah people hear stories
about already like him drugging people
or whatever yeah yeah and so rapist
rapist you know yeah and and so Dave met
ari for the first time and you know
Artie's very quiet person yeah in real
life people don't know that and he was
like what the fuck is not that fucking
crazy Savage that I hear about Justin
moments by the way by the way for the
busting no just you know I also at one
point had the biggest piece of shit bus
really yeah oh do you like how I just
automatically remember my glass so Bob's
October we're not with what are we doing
gas money garage tires lighting a fire
this over October ed oh my gosh what are
we doing
you bring in the bell foundation
oh you want the temptation start
clanging we got ice we got shot glasses
very well what do you want you are you
what do you Indian I'm gonna just put
some glasses oh my god ring that Bell
ring that Bell right now have it in
front of it Oh dan Aykroyd gave us a
massive speech on how good that vodkas
that's his huh hmm yeah smell its mama
let me see it or if you take a little
sip I'm not gonna be mad at you
damn it smells very good vodka he
explained this process they use their
diamonds they actually have some sort of
fucking diamonds that they use to filter
it let Burt smell it smell it smell it
just have some Oh fry yeah because still
do this challenge stuff now be sober for
most of October for January it's just
need a little more easily aids it up a
little bit smells good right suppose it
does it's very good it smells gana Cora
gave me a hell of a sales pitch yeah
yeah the holy fucking shit right he he
sold I can't imagine doing coke with
that guy alright he talks it talks very
good talker yeah he devises a podcast
lately thank you he believes a lot of
nonsense he does oh my god everything
channelers psychics looking you name it
alright thank you whatever he he doesn't
there's not a goddamn thing
and we'll all put it to our lips and
we'll see if anyone opens their mouth
and what happens when they do the month
is over in today's the month is over no
you just keep going yeah you want it a
little sip
have a sip so we're doing on the first
more than 30 days left right now yeah
there's 30 and 100 by the Mayan Count
calendar I don't think it's already over
so we're all dead December twenty first
two thousand is that come blue to have
alcohol in it yeah I'm over here
look man since since the challenge isn't
like as intense like this is a sobriety
really matters no do we even join the
surprise October so so Bob doc told us
and the problem is Ari and I already got
higher earlier we were smoking cigars
and we both got a buzz no doubt about it
so it's over the silver part I think all
right I cheated I think it I think it
should be over that's a that's a I feel
like we did it wrong yup how bad go to
Europe why would you be sober how about
with every drink you take you have to do
an additional class oh I love this oh my
god my dick just got hard I'm gonna get
in black belt in jujitsu every drink is
a class you fucking quit bitch are we
really doing this every drink is a class
you can start from zero with that every
drink is that fast
drink is an actual drink is it drinks
you have ten classes that you owe period
then if you drink every drink is an
additional class if you have three
drinks tonight you have three more
classes or thirteen classes yes that's
impossible that'll don't ever be able to
get that many yeah zero a legit drink
you can't be like a fucking beer started
what about does weed apply to the same
thing yeah yeah every time you take a
hit and that's it I mean do you realize
just for one night of drinking I would
do - there'll be no time you would never
be able to have strong zero class
classes a day for the whole month wait
one night yeah what is one night for
real we're doing doubles all right like
what's a double or one for if I'm if I'm
on the road I'll have I'll bring a
double on stage with me I'll have a
double after the show I have a double at
the bar I have a double embossing warmer
done so it's eight weeks eight drinks oh
that would be fun well then set you
straight
well you'd be like I'm straight right
now or like you stop the shakes with
stop times of course times I couldn't
use chopsticks in Japan at the airport
one Hey yeah dude what gets me is those
long flights because I drink on long
flights so that's what fucks me up you
do it
oh yeah do it just do it out of class I
like that for every drink we do we have
to add a class I would I would do it was
talking from zero October that's not the
thing is just people listening to this
they're either severely disappointed
first of all of me for bringing in shot
glasses and ice definitely angry right
now a lot of them I really look forward
to doing this already angry at re-birth
the victim you know you're a fucking
rapist yes you're very bad
you might out beat the Bill Cosby holy
shit names coming your way there was a
woman who was a she was talking about
Bill Cosby she said he might be the
biggest serial rapist in history Oh
easily
imagine like that guy are you going as
far as T gonna be huh
ha ha takin your complaint with you
think about it when you're out there
think about what you want to do with
your sobriety the promise a bride is Tom
gonna die if he comes in with a fuckin
12-pack of beer going come on guys a lot
of booze in that fridge out there you
could do a clasper drink 50 pages per
drink one of the other like that start
at zero
you can have damage you could have two
nights of drinking the drugs and that's
already like seven right there yeah
fifty pages for a drink is a hefty price
what's the xanax I want to take one of
those today Solana class why do you look
to
ever since the Molly on my panic has
been fuckin tweaked
I don't think my serotonin is not back
yeah so they're coming to take 5htp did
you try it no you got some here do we
have any new mood 5-htp well you don't
get nervous taking anything Jamie's
gonna go something I got nervous
sometimes taking stuff well I've HC P is
just some actual stuff right yeah stuff
really works yes it works
when I get obsessive compulsive on it
new mood is it turns it off yeah yeah
really turns it off like sometimes I'll
get repetitive in my head and I'll just
start saying the same thing over and
over and over again and it fucking makes
me crazy
let me ask you this when we were doing
that sober October thing there you go so
I wish to take four of those yeah yeah
yeah it's really want to put them in my
drink for me touch that's my only regret
is not bringing 5-htp with me that'll
ramp up your serotonin though for sure
yeah take that way can i oh yeah yeah if
you need more let me know um yeah I I
don't know what it's called but I sell
sometimes when I get obsessive with
balls I say the same things over and
over in my head it's great when you're
wearing it working on a joke because you
just start chewing it just and over and
over and over again but it fucking
backfires sometimes no but let me ask
you this last year when we're doing that
crazy Fitness shit did that kill your
chatter like Tommy now we're talking
about hot spins killing it really wow
it's so aggressive it's I'm burning like
780 calories in a class hour it's hot as
shit and you're and it you can't your
brain just doesn't work and then when I
get out my serotonin levels are so high
I can feel I feel great and I'm calm and
I can get through the day I really
honestly I tried calling you one time
because you'd always said that if you
don't work out then you be go crazy and
I started noticing that that working out
was making me sane hmm and I was like if
I wanted to talk to you about that
you're not working that was making you
say no no what not working outs making
me insane
so like the workouts were making never
yeah that's why I started going to hot
spin I need something I need to be in a
class I can't go just go for a jog cuz I
it it doesn't help right well you got to
push it to look when you're going for a
jog you kind of can go at your own pace
oh shit if you're if you're in front of
that instructor the instructors going
come on let's go go we do sign up for
five K's on the road ah
so that and I forced out yeah I forced
my bus driver I've run a 5k the other
day the time he ran it was it's awesome
man five K's half marathons marathons
suck but those kind of things are so
communal then you do them and you feel
like a part of a community we ran
through Des Moines gorgeous as a trail
run tan that's cool all right let's
trail runs all the whole we take the
tour bus in park it everyone gets runs
are you taking drugs yeah yeah we quit
oh we didn't tell you oh oh yeah we all
had to drinking drugs so tell you except
waits for Joe is that is like for is
like for you it's just nutrients it's
not bad so I'm gonna fuck you up
what is it it's 5-htp l-tryptophan which
also converts to 5-htp see here put
wonder lorries drink for me this is some
vitamins and adaptogens and stuff in
there too it's all good for you it's all
healthy mood yeah that's a legit
supplement um that 5-htp stuff is very
legit it's really good for people that
are dealing with serotonin issues oh man
I was hurting with panic this week in
the tour bus I couldn't shut it off
why why because I think original name
for a new mood was roll-on/roll-off and
the idea was there was we like Aubrey
was a big partier and Aubrey developed
some shit to come down from Molly so
that's literally what new mood was
originally invented for and then we
decided you know well there's a lot of
benefit to increasing your serotonin
naturally yeah just really does help
your mood they're gonna fly tonight
Neil Brenner it is a big 5-htp proponent
he actually he couldn't take it with his
meds yeah because it was too much really
and where do you fly tonight I go to
Dallas I'm in Tulsa and Antonio and then
Houston Buckingham say what's up the
gene for me
gee Garth where's Garth that I think he
has a nice big old couple places but a
big old man Tulsa yeah does he
yeah did you ever did you ever have a
part of your career where you were we're
not where we are kind of in like or did
you just go from like clubs to like
fucking massive theaters well Tommy now
we're working together first we were
doing clubs yeah I've done clubs and
that was like nine years ago yeah and
then you just you never did like like
you just went to like fucking massive
venues right I did a lot of theaters man
yeah it's all just grinding what's
through it you went through 30 years I
think yeah yeah and went through all of
it
yeah started clubs I mean I still do
clubs to this day I still booked
weekends and clubs I'm thinking about
moving to New York in December why to
work I gotta come up with a new hour why
do you want to move to New York is that
a school it'll just me look for like two
weeks and just fucking do two weeks out
yeah yeah two weeks just go for two
weeks and do spots like crazy yeah and
right you do spots in LA and still see
your family bro Jesus I like I like
shaking it up Joe you know I've had that
fantasy before yeah I've had the exact
same fantasy of doing them by the
fantasy came before already drugged me
because I was like oh he's so great to
be sorry for two weeks and just go do
spots with him big J hugged but it'll be
cool it would be cool but you're not
friends anymore you can't do that how
much I'm you know how much I love
already that I have been damage control
trying to take care of him in this I
would you appreciate that I really care
about it on a podcast
no talk about it at all wait we'll talk
about on the podcast there during the
weekend I was like maybe I want I was
worried about already and I was like I
don't maybe I shouldn't bring this up I
don't think it's a good thing and I
think Ari
maybe regrets it but yeah definitely
doesn't look at this face
he does not regret it no that's the real
problem here I think is that I don't
regret I think that is a problem
yeah I won't do it again but I don't
regret why do you not regret for real
why don't you regret it was all I've
nothing bad happened and it was awesome
and he's and his wife is mad at me again
but that's definitely not gonna be the
last time or it's not the first time I
thought is unfortunate but worth it I
think great time I love I would love to
see the video a Burt like it kind of him
realizing it I have it really when you
realize it's like kicking in yeah I
remember I can't tell you I can't tell
you
hey guys saw it today because I'm
debating whether to release that podcast
but I saw it nice when it's I see it in
my eyes I go back to that fucking moment
where I'm like when you realize you
gotta control it's like it's like
getting Strymon because strapped into a
one of the fucking hot rods mmm the
fucking to the jet fueled ones and they
strapped me in super tight and then they
strapped my hands so I couldn't touch
anything and I remember I couldn't get
out and I had a panic attack I said I'm
gonna be here for a while like and I was
like cuz they were like and I was like I
need to get out right now I need to get
out right now
and I had to get out it was wandering
tribal channel that to me I said I can't
get out of this fucking panic I go I
can't fix this and then it overwhelmed
me that's how I feel I take mushrooms
overwhelm me and I thought I'm what if I
don't like this what if I don't enjoy
this how do I stop this I can't stop it
no it's a fucking that's a panic attack
right there but luckily it was it was a
very it's Molly's a really interesting
drug it'll fight for you it'll be an
advocate Molly was like don't worry your
cousin's here rub his back because you
did that to him do you think we could
allow him to do Molly in October I would
say okay do you want to do it no I'm not
doing any Molly ever again no ever and
I'll be M never what about November
first
dude you should have seen I was here's
what sucked about it as soon as he gave
it to me and I felt it kick in I went I
don't want to do this podcast I wanna go
for a walk yeah I want to do Mona go
dance I want to listen to music I want
my children and wife not to be here I
want to not have to explain the
situation to my wife I want to not have
to be on a plane so like I don't know
maybe I
it would do Mali in the future if it was
like an awesome concert or something in
Vegas or yeah cool sounds awesome right
like Britney Spears or some dude I would
do Mali and go to Britney Spears sure
you remember all the lyrics all the
songs do more you better work bitch
yeah Swift the best was that so I
started dancing a little bit because I
knew I was taking it so it was like
embracing kicking it and he goes out of
the blue are you a Molly right now or
you and then we just like I don't know
what that was do you do it I do it when
it's the right time I wants to see
Mighty Mighty Bosstones in the Orient
Webster Hall I did it that night you
know you're an adult right yeah
what are you doing Molly for what do you
mean you know it feels great
maybe he's gotten hit first of all those
balls don't work so he can't make babies
all right he had him snipped so he
doesn't have real responsibilities none
I think if you have more but you don't
do it all the time just in the right
like music really how often is that now
it again three times a year four times
zero okay that's not bad yeah festivals
occasional board is maybe twice here
Iza do Co not that in the coke cokes
awesome it's around ethology in short it
was real emotion by in that world yeah
was last time you did it
it's been a long time I didn't an
accident one night accident yeah my
buddies had that bullet where you load
it and then flip it and they had a
little bump for you and you can't hit it
and they couldn't figure out how to work
it and I'm watching them I was getting
ready go to this spot here's one I was
in New York I was watching I go guys
you're doing it wrong give me the
fucking thing I go you take it right
then you load it then we hit it you got
to hit it no what are you gonna do I was
like the other fucking nostril
you kidding me I used to cook a lot in
New York and then you want on stage and
destroyed Joey says that coke fucks his
comedy up well then he said it made him
good you might go a little deeper takes
away your heart takes away the heart
imagine him though like if you go like
let's really do some coke - that is not
a line he's probably just the whole bad
guy the machine gun I would love to I
would love to get on what's this thing
all the people take the adderall I draw
on saqqaq see how adderall the adderall
is speed yeah speed yeah stuff man
it's very fucking oh very very addictive
it nicked out of this fucking you do
that now I have no I've done it a few
times but not recently I went down a
YouTube rabbit hole the other day
watching stories or people who were
talking about what adderall did to them
what it was like when they were addicted
to Adderall we thought the whole world
was against them thought they were on
top of everything that they were super
competent they were capable of anything
they had unstoppable confidence they
wouldn't shut the fuck up but everyone
was against them this was being
prescribed a lot of people yes
constantly kids a lot of you get it done
now you get shit done yeah how did I hit
the fucking mic cord yeah it's a it's a
spooky drug though cuz it's just it's a
sign
first of all journalists everybody mine
as a writer says almost all journalists
are on it oh it's so easy to write on
now what's on it constantly I took it
when I was writing my book but it just
it changes who you are as a person like
fucks with their head College Admissions
have started a lot of them adding the
the in the question it can the
application are you want out of them Wow
yeah really you know why mmm-hmm because
no cuz that sometimes there's a talk to
a doctor who said that I have to like
sign off on some of these things where
they'll ask me to fill out this form do
I describe this to this person yeah
this fucking super common man it's super
common on Wall Street it's super common
with people that are trying to get
things done yeah
we should do it we should do it for the
month oh let's all just do our own
fucking really good a hard time to get
off that stuff though yeah so that'll be
the challenge so are we really gonna add
that for every drink you just out of
class I think it's a good idea a drink
or a drug or a shot whatever one of the
things you would owe so yes so many I
would have to do 80 classes but for a
night of drinking it's out of class no
no start at 10 you go nuts in a knife no
no that's not easy that's too easy
it's sober October supposed to be sober
just be sober guys love yourself but Ari
and I already smoked a cigar that's
permitted guys a cigar cigar but cigars
we got elastic I'm starting smoking for
this one I took one a hitch cliff
cigarettes once for once agent I stole
one of Chappelle's - he gave me a
cigarette before one on stage it gives
you a buzz cigarette so no ball I hate
anything that's bad for you but the
cigarette does give you an interesting
buzz it is a bus the in pick Jade did
one of my podcasts we talked about
smoking and it was so head rush I would
love a cigarette right now do it you got
to get into cigarettes cigarettes like
regularly smokin cigarettes late in life
is de pollo yeah he's like when he was
50 that's Jim Aaron was addicted to the
laws in his head yeah he was and he was
like he was getting the point where he
couldn't see and getting physically ill
he was eating so many he'd wake up and
they'd go to sleep with him in his mouth
goddamn like that's is he off now easier
yeah he's off he's got likes I think
he's got like 14 days off in lozenges
what fucking dumb thing to be addicted
to he must don't want really I think you
have these chewing gums idiot
oh he's 60 years old he can't get off
gum must be good right
Lawson just right yeah I tried the gum
because I want to see if it gives you
the same head brush that does it I tried
snus in Stockholm that the packet
showing who it gives you the boys I
thought of like more than anything oh my
god I remember the dip buzz oh really
get into dipping yeah give you a buzz
and that people like oh how white
knuckling we're getting it you can
choose you can smoke cigars you can dip
you can smoke cigarettes I mean are you
getting into cigarettes I feel like
we're not sober how about just socially
drinking you just can't do it
what is it that mean I mean Bert's on
stage in front of 2,000 people that's
social yeah that's a good point I didn't
consider that but you're right I think
if you do anything with a needle it
should be permitted just because it's
kind of high-risk you know I deserve a
little bit for taking me anal choice
where you drink oh I need to tell you
this a friend of mine his wife is a
teacher and they have a problem in
school with middle school kids who are
taking tampons and they're dipping them
in rubbing alcohol and stuffing them up
their assholes food and they're getting
high as fuck tampons rubbing alcohol
you're an asshole apparently you just
get blitzed get fucked up a tampon up
your asshole with rubbing alcohol just
get a tampon up her asshole first yeah I
bet you do
you know years of going a whole month
with no booze I know how I know how he
works Bert I bet you can't
looks like a squid for each one of my
family members initial results say this
is an urban legend but there are
apparently medical no no no wife who's a
fucking schoolteacher
they have interventions on these kids
there's articles going back for 10 years
saying kids have been doing this talk
about having to break that from your kid
going hey fellas your anal Chuck did you
know we did anal chugs in college and it
was like for eternity where you do a
handstand pour beer in a dude's ass hole
and someone else catch it in a cup and
then you drink it cleaning did you do
this on the floor you had to here was
one person go anal chug wait you never
though ingested through your ass no I've
never ingested it's disgusting it's
disgusting you can get dingleberries we
can drink beer if we only do anal Chuck
are you doing anal tug if you was the
first to break sober October for sure I
would I would do an anal Chuck if you
have a sip of that I will do an anal
chug okay let's let's talk about this
what are the benefits she's sober this
month are the benefits lack of a
relationship with your wife I'm gone a
month why I'm gone a whole month I've
already picked up hobbies I was gonna do
a florida spearfishing surfing like I
was gonna do some fossils the awesome
I'm gonna
get into spearfishing so bad to spear
fish and Clark my friend Steve Rinella
just started doing it
he's like why do I've been wasting my
time he looks cool as fuck supposed to
be amazed what's your name Jamaican teen
Thomas Valentin Thomas is yeah she's
like she's not just but like she
actually was like surviving oh she's a
lawyer
that's amazing decided I don't want to
do this anymore that's really cool just
travels the world and she's derivation
yeah I love that shit when somebody is
like I'm not doing this anymore I'm
successful I don't care I don't care I
just said Kimi no now she likes been
drinking okay all right let's get back
to this Lynne joy back to drinking just
don't pull the plug who did you have
Kimi who Kimi Warner who's that she's a
spearfisherman she was on a Netflix
documentary about the ocean and I got
obsessed with her spearfishing videos
she goes down to a hundred feet and
chill are you gonna do it with no air
well we're just know where it goes down
and she was telling me that she just
decided to get into it she was a Shaffer
and she wasn't having fun so she got
into it just one day bought a spear fish
a spear thing just swam out and just was
like what the fuck am i doing like this
is the she was so out of her comfort
zone that she felt and then she told a
fish and she came and she felt so proud
she was like I'm obsessed that's it I
drop everything and then she went to the
spirit fishing championships in like
Nantucket right so she goes to Nantucket
she's never been away from Hawaii and
she gets out there and the water is
black and she starts swimming down and
she can't see anything and they're like
trust me if you get down to the bottom
10 feet it clears up because all the
muscles on the bar ground and she
couldn't get down to the bottom she kept
getting panic attacks so popping up
going like I can't do it I can't do it
and so the first day she didn't get
anything in shake fuck it I'm not gonna
be beaten by the ocean dives down gets
down and it's clear as shit she's like
shut the fuck up dude
I don't know if I could do that
spearfishing it would have to be in like
a beautiful place Hawaii yeah why keys
we're gonna do it in Fort Myers they do
it a lot of Northern California but they
have issues which
one guy was Unruh Nellis podcast was
talking about as he got to the top of
the boat there was a giant boil behind
him and his friends saw this huge
fucking great white shark that had come
up to try to bite him then realize last
minute that he wasn't a seal like a
giant boil like water boil like Jimmy
she's got she's got a shot with her and
a great white shark he's her type Kimmy
warned her great white shark and you
just like yeah check this out I'm scared
oh she's dead already
she's beautiful she's pregnant now what
happier babies you do Bert ya know she
married give her male swimmers he jerked
off in the water with it that's how it
works
Jesus is that her the white shark I'd
shoot that thing right in the brain
right from behind I'm sorry Sam great
white sharks I've been in the water with
my bunch and they move so fucking
intensely like their their intent is
almost like when you watch a cage
fighter move like quick and you can't
you I don't know how to stop that that's
how great white sharks are just fucking
they take a right so quick your little
it's mind-boggling and you're like oh
definitely it couldn't have been myself
because remember when people used to
kill sharks and everybody was excited
yeah now you're a monster
you know that's sir it's all that shark
fin soup is so really really no I've
never had it I had it once for real yeah
a long time ago how did a Chinese
restaurant I remember ordering that and
it was before all the hubbub was before
this big yeah all the bullshit about
Shane Gillis before everybody was
killing them and it was a big thing in
the news I just thought it was like some
shit you bought and was made out of
shark's fins yeah I didn't know they cut
the fins off and then throw the fish
back yeah use it use the rest
well that's the thing is they don't the
money is in the fins and they don't give
a fuck about that animal I really value
that dead shark fins yeah super
expensive
that's dark but you know what the
darkest shit is rhino horn that's the
darkest shade because that doesn't even
do anything
lease shark's fin soup you're your
absolute rim eating something because
part of the thing
of it is the fact that it's an exclusive
delicacy right but the the rhino horn in
some Asian cultures it doesn't do
anything to you it's supposed to give
you a hard-on but we all know that
there's other stuff it works better than
that but the rhino horn what it does do
is it symbolizes your wealth and
opulence that you can afford wrong
rhino horn tea that's fucked up it's
great but it's super fucking popular
still really still rhinos are murdered
every day for their fucking horns yeah
it's crazy the elephants ooh right the
elephant well the elephants for ivory
though hmm which is more like for pretty
things
yeah but with rhino horns they chop
their fucking horns off in these
reserves they'll track them and chop
their horns off so that they're not
they're not like worth anything
oh my god yes who does a bit
Conservation conservationists will chop
their goddamn horns on don't kill them
don't they
they also die their horns right so it
looks like they're on no they die their
horns I think I thought maybe they were
doing it at us I don't know maybe maybe
they did I do it makes it not as
valuable
all right I'm mixing up story yeah so
what is yeah it makes sense
they died in pink oh yeah so they're
like oh no would be gay yeah I'm trying
to get a heart but what drugs can't we
do all of them you can smoke cigars cuz
you guys smoke so we can drink alcohol
at your bucho sure yes or not tell us
what we're done or we could put vodka in
kombucha our ari and I was saying while
we're doing that suck but we did tell us
to cigars John so then it's me and Tom
going for the belt yes I guess Ari and I
are out that's true still charge do the
classes but I'm out I'm still gonna wear
my my woop bill I'm still gonna run what
yeah go ahead guys have some booze we
both are it's me and Tom are you never
develop lost have him in front of you
yeah I just we fucked up
sorry guys it's okay sorry disappointing
where's the shot glasses comes a little
closer
remember so I shot Kasich you guys have
a so shot glass in the road yeah
oh what a dumb thing to buy right you
definitely should yeah these are gas
monkey garage
yeah well the fuck out of them - I bet
you would but it's such a dumb like you
don't need shot glass for your house you
just use a glass no I know but people
you know that's know yeah you do if you
do it sake bombs
they want a portion controlled shot like
Ari and I are about to do right now do
ya do it
beer 0ms scribe how good this me so
fucking happy what it yeah I just tapped
out yeah it's just oh yeah welcome to
the challenge
I mean challenges but why would it make
you happy Burt no no we failed you do
not where's that bill that it's over
there go look at it you'll never want to
look at it it's heavy
Jesus yeah I can see I could see Burt
doing like extra classes hmm will that
even fit you you want a hand oh yeah
come sit down
I'm sit down with that beautiful belt on
look at you you guys take a shot and
watch Tom and I go fucking toe-to-toe if
you guys if we don't if we did back out
right now and Ari and I just decided to
just stop this foolish childish game and
just better ourselves for the month yeah
I mean Ari and I are not alcoholics
right yeah neither were Tom and I keep
going to keep you were saying I mean are
you know I don't even have a problem
drinking I think you dumb it it's very
least you have a bit of a problem
oh no problem tell you a fatty liver no
mindful delivers perfect now I can tell
to not spin glasses his livers perfect
what were you trying to say though Joe
I was trying to say you and I can just
better ourselves that much better
ourselves we could you know go to dinner
with our ladies and and just
have a nice glass of wine like a
gentleman yeah a couple nights would you
go for it a beer with your hot dog it's
not a nice thing to have mostly chill it
up when you're a Yankee game drink some
beers with the guys or when you feel so
much better if you went the whole month
without it and then at the end then you
could really appreciate it how do you
even win it this month how do you win
just beating you
how would you beat me well how about me
right how about me an REO back out and
you to just go to town against each
other but wait how are we going to town
them what if Ari knows in most classes
if Ari and I did most surprise emotional
sobriety in most classes most sobriety
so who could be so inside their type of
sobriety definitely type of sobriety no
but Tom could be sober easy easy
that Tom's fucking dead inside what's
your resting heart rate from when you're
asleep did you see it no I haven't seen
what's wrong Tom's is it's like 30 to 35
what does that mean well I mean Jerry
low means it's boys horse on it means
that if I lose 40 pounds I might be the
most dynamic endurance athlete alive
ever run a marathon
yeah but fucking am nobody that's really
low man well is yours show no where does
it show it my resting heart rates I
think I can always tie can just tell him
I watch too
no no no but when you sleep it's like
you're true it was 1:30 1:31 I've got a
really high heart rate today by the way
where does it show it why is this thing
it's like you think my app froze mm-hmm
if we did back out what would you guys
do how would you guys work things out
but did you see whose belt it a seat Tom
you would just beat Tom doing what doing
yeah that you're not you're not most
finding how you're gonna win more
classes in him
more classes more books hmm no not more
books this is more books more I'll take
more dynamic classes was that the higher
level of class I'll take more like I'll
do not just hot spin I'm gonna do like
karate
span I'm going to
like every I'm gonna do is do the
weirdest classes you can Transcendental
Meditation okay
I think if you do more classes than Tom
you you would win the belt yes okay now
you guys are not getting out of this
you're not out mmm no go ahead drink it
drink in it mm-hmm I know I really want
a drink right now like I wouldn't have a
drink if I wasn't tempted for this yeah
but every minute the past that we don't
drink it makes it like less more of a
waste to not have a just drinking
already
where the fuck do you find yours you're
really with it was I just saw it when I
woke up and now I don't see it so I
don't know where it is is it under
strain coach Ari Shaffir jus come in
Chicago November and San Jose as well
Nashville this is so very tale it's so
interesting how much I fear this thing
tells you huh
oh look at this sober October internal
what is that living in our app how we
have a group app did you see this Oh
they've set it up for us
if you go to sober October so how do we
know mine is it shows you know yours
isn't connected yet it just shows Burt
and and Tom oh I see wait where do I see
this I want to see this Joe I see it now
I see your resting heart rate what is it
where is it
it's in that in that thing you slide
over which thing the you go which one I
don't know how to explain it man it says
rhr resting heart rate but where do you
see it I mean in within that internal
thing right so I'm there and then but is
this day strange I don't know swipe
swipe like swipe over a page
okay I see and then it says recovery HRV
well my resting heart rates 27 what yeah
HRP sleep performance 71% no that's up
no no it's not it's not tell you
something Joe mine says that your
resting heart rate is 65 Oh mine says 61
mine 66 your says 78 on mine oh my see
it so many other people's yeah 61 this
is 61 to 74 that's the range but I guess
it's giving me your what's your son
Shawn so Brock toner
ock toner Toto mu4 crusher
so I'm winning right now you're really
by being more fucked up than us 12.8
I've burned 2,100 calories yeah yeah but
that's just moving your feet no that's a
hot spin this morning da da dun dun dun
don't don't yeah today I took the day
off yeah I didn't do shit to you wait
one last thing though well is there is
there seriously like if we're all doing
what we agreed to do right how can
someone winner is it really the costs of
extra classes well I mean let's get them
it's gonna trigger that here's the thing
if you want to pull out the fucking open
the psycho door I don't want to open
your door I I actually think last year
you actually stopped liking me like
halfway through I thought I think I was
like bothering you I don't think you
ever liked you you would look at me
weird when you see me the side of your
eye that's competition sir yeah I mean
like that yeah I don't think we should
do whoever does them extra click it's
just gonna make everyone is gonna piss
everybody off it's gonna piss the wives
off for sure big time only a real
problem and and we're look we already
all have crazy travel schedules yeah
listen we don't have to do that okay
let's go extra so how can you win more
pages really that's what I'm stealing it
out there anyway but the problem is if
we if he is a way to win you can't even
just let you win put it to the side no I
don't think so what if we made a caveat
what's the caveat if Schober October
winner doesn't have to defend his belt
and that way you'll try really hard and
that way we can get you out of this it
doesn't have to defend the belt it's
it's like the but you go but you win a
new belt every year yeah well dafuq
repels I'd want to stack a belt yeah you
want to get the sub belt again otherwise
you're just out of the competition I'd
run all the belts
I don't want anybody to win obvious we
could have that caveat of a drink in
class I would love a drink before you on
my plane tonight
yeah drink burn can we drink no you
could have a drink what drink shouldn't
be doing the drinking part we should say
that for January why January because
nothing's happening in January I think
we should this the thing is this is a
problem here's the problem we have got a
bunch of other assholes that we don't
even know invested in our little thing
yeah yeah so that I can come with us
upset with us if we just started if we
just started drinking a little bit I can
measure our fucking what days we're
drinking problem we could stay sober and
just eat edibles for the month networks
how about your drug
well sober used to mean alcohol it's it
used to be just out long used to me now
let's just stay alcohol-free and then
see whatever and that's my thing just
alcohol
that's alcohol-free we got to wrap it so
soon just almost five o'clock I don't
know sure yeah meet Ari and I have a
show tonight where you going comedy
store nice comedy store restaurant and
my clothes sold out chicken wings are
fresh they're not even wings still like
tenders no which is very very
questionable you get a tender like where
is it from
like what part of the bird is the tender
part so then let's let's let's get this
solidified so we are all asses ten
classes 500 pages we are in agreement
and edibles under 20 milligrams and
xanax and ambien just no alcohol no
alcohol sober no alcohol if you want to
do edibles under 20 milligrams on in
sober so I don't sleep like this is that
what you need it for
that's right oh I don't want you to not
get sleep bro thanks guys I want you to
be healthy
I like this fucking thing that monitor
good song I don't mind I don't mind I
don't mind edibles I won't use them yeah
but I don't mind giving you guys a
tables if you need that to get through
right no I mean I don't really fuck I
won't eat out of most studies I'm afraid
well I'm not
are you did you tell your doctor though
that you're gonna dial back drinking I'd
like to get through the month because if
you do it cold turkey you can get really
sick you get sick nobody you already
know for that yes before I'm not trying
a lot guys he's done it before
the last two years yeah yeah but you
always had medical no I never had
medical supervision to dial back
drinking yeah just stop you're not
supposed to do this hey you know this is
our fourth year of this shit what
Thoreau
no no you'll offer challenge okay and
then we had years of sober October this
is our fourth year of doing something
crazy
give me a weight limit give me a weight
limit if I get to it I get to about five
to a five I get to 205 by the end of
shit to a five will do a hydration not
oh yeah not a water bring in one Fc
those one Fc championship people do it I
think even if it cuts I mean how to 205
would be a miracle that would be amazing
I'll tell you that right now I'll tell
you this there is no competition however
if you get to 205 you could hold on that
belt for a year I do it because I'm the
champ 205 yeah I say any to a fire and
if you don't get there you have to go to
therapy over a year I talked about your
back it there because of you cunt you're
already talking I've been out of therapy
and then this fucking happens I had to
talk to my therapist Jesus fucking
jackass what'd I tell you about boarding
stuff I feel healthier when I'm around
you guys fix my brain I'll send you more
of it it's really good this take before
you go nominee by hours 5-htp it says
take before bed yeah you can it helps no
this was in your hands you keep it so
ten classes ten classes and 500 page of
a book all they all have to be different
or just to fuck up and accidentally till
morning 3:00 class every every drink the
more in three of one class though no
more I don't that doesn't mean anything
to me if you want to take jiu-jitsu
every day I think you still win just
10-car you still you still
one thing but I think you should mix it
up yeah I don't think you should have to
that'll be the fun part I'll enjoy that
because that whenever I go into new
class we'll do an instant Ori hey guys
I'm doing dope yoga if you want to do
that you can do that but I think what's
important is that you do something to
better yourself whether it's I mean if
you want to take ten tactical classes
take that if you want to do ten yoga
classes take that what did you 10 G
Jitsu classes take that 500 pages of a
book it can't be a children's book I
think agreed 500 pages of one book any
book we can blow it has to be two books
I'm 500 pages of five different books if
you want to just fuck I like doing that
one of the things I like doing is I like
reading a couple chapters of a book then
I get bored I pick up another book you
could also read this like big print you
know huge print like crayon ten page
books just a bunch of them yeah you
could read Watchmen we all know no kind
of real book has to be read a real book
um no no children's books um anything
else
I think that's we have to get to reading
what about planes gonna Tom an addiction
to edibles do we know now cut okay oh no
that won't do no no we should ought to
be able to do edibles and some some some
sort of like methamphetamine be it
methamphetamine or what if you have a
subscription for adderall and you don't
want to you know your doctor think about
prescription drugs period yeah what
about prescriptions annex I could take
one right now well are you on xanax did
they give you the other prescription
take it if you're panicking are you
panicking what are you thinking about
your heart how's it beating it's dumb
weird can I tell you I'm super aware
right now do you feel like your livers
chubby 205 you get the belt yeah because
I'm not even I mean I'm not even
contesting it that this is good for me
because it's really Hounds a day it's
not it's not a challenge like I don't
have to say you you all get to 160 oh
Jesus don't scare the fuck out of me
just thinking about faking 160 oh my god
just saying it but we're not all gonna
be here in November you're gone yeah
yeah but I'm here I don't go for long
stretches
when's my way I'm if I if I do get to a
fire right are you here what are you
here is November first first
Oh November first no weed November first
I'm here November 2nd is the UFO yeah I
think I'll fly in the first you find the
30 what do you mean what are you looking
at first is the first is Friday weekend
is fighting
I'm weigh-in at the UFC I do
Oh waiting it to a 5 Diaz Jorge Masvidal
fuck off New York City yeah oh my god
yeah
I don't know Jorge Madonna Allah will
bring that belt and if you can make 205
I will hand it to you on stage at the
UFC weigh-ins Wow no it's got I will set
it up with the UFC Wow so that you can
weigh in oh come on you should do that i
100% do that for you Bert except for the
fact you won't do it but this is an
awesome challenge yes a no stream it
live how much you weigh that ain't shit
you could do that fighters do way more
than that you could kind of fighters you
cut 3 pounds in two days oh it's not
healthy but you can lose the 30 pounds
in a month healthy really you lose a
pound a day yeah man you have weights no
sugar no sugar vegetables all vegetables
and in cut way back on your portions how
vegetables the salmon that's way way
back yeah the portions way back yeah if
you make 205 I will bring that fucking
belt to New York City and I'll put it on
you on the fucking stage where the UFC
fighters way and will stream it live and
if you don't it'll be very embarrassing
amazing they do it'll be amazing but 12
5 is such a fuckup pussy gotta get you
to a lab in the day before I go into
this man you can do it you can do it cut
waterway fuck around like you did with
Tom with Tom you played catch up you
tried to do it all real
towards the end the whole time do you
have any music at home drank the whole
time
tom was grinding he was grinding the
entire time he was drinking nothing but
water the whole month and you barely
beat you a few pounds
two pounds maybe yeah you could have got
ahead of him early and and set a pace
that he couldn't keep up with he did his
best and he only beat you by a few
pounds no wait wait but you're allowed
to do that right we're coaching him here
I used to host Fear Factor listen you
could do it 205 you can 100% do it you
weigh in 205 you get the belt and and
this is great for me because there's no
chit there you go look at that the two
of you um the thing is if you way if you
do do it and you weigh 205 for me I
don't need that belt it's all you man
you can have it on the UFC stage at
Madison Square Garden let that marinate
on your flight yeah yeah all right okay
yeah think about it if you say marinate
yeah marinate oh that's booze there's
just booze to marry sometimes yeah all
right that's it everybody thank you
thank you thank you Joe Q bye
yeah buddy White Sox will tour happy
silver October I got it
[Music]
[Applause]